You know what I do is write for children, and, in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more reading in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress as a farmer or with leather clothes, and nobody has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and exposure.
And you know that an epiphany is usually something that you fall somewhere else.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epidemic.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bollie.
It's the kind of complicated cycle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the middle school in the middle school, in Stanford, Ohio.
As they were beaten to blood every week in the bathroom of the kids, until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life by letting me go into the teacher room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night, I got a phone call from that teacher, Mr. Potter he said, "I need to see you.
I'm disillusioned that of adults, we never get to know us.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man that I know you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I would like you to run with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland.
We went to see, we were laughing, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be hospitalized.
We found it a place, we internal it, and we take care of it, and we commissioned her family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult came to me, he became a center box and was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked about was made in itself.
The epidemic is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved her of her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy to talk to you today a lot about this.
It also needs -- needs dignity, love and pleasure -- and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, the connection is very important to me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and that everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica almost 10 years ago, and I saw my first teachers.
I was surprising.
My heart warm heart was served, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The tears around me around the water almost 60 meters, and I couldn't even think that it was a glass of snow about another glass of snow after year.
The tears are born when they get rid of the glaciers or break the ice barriers down.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them are denied to give up and fall down to the end, whereas others can't support it more and fall into a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a territory, that they're separated separate and alone, in large measure as we see us sometimes as humans.
But the reality is all the opposite.
As a tear melts, I'm breathing his ancestral atmosphere.
And as a tear goes down to free fresh water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
I came back to photograph these teachers as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique times there are that way and they won't exist that way again.
It's not death when they melt down, it's not an end, but a continuation of its way by the cycle of life.
Part of the ice that I photographed is very young -- it has a couple thousands of years.
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are a piece that I photographed in Kenya, Greenland.
It's unlikely to get to see a round threat.
Here they are.
You can see on the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I would like you to pay attention to the shape of the tear and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts to stand, the ship has moved to the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a tear of Greenland.
Get out of the water about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so no, the territory shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one covering a baby. Okay.
So, two couples every one with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of the conception, because if you stop thinking about the conception themselves, you won't pay attention to me.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in one case, the chromosome and sperm is joined to the X classroom of the egg.
And in the other case, the X X of sperm is joined to the X X-ray of the egg.
Both of them come and start life.
We'll talk about them later.
In my activity floor I will fulfill two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the story of anatomy.
I'm a story for training, and what I study in this case is the way people open the anatomy -- is to say, human bodies and animals, how they've considered body fluid, the idea of the body, what have thought about the body.
The other role that I think about in my work is an activist, as patient defense or, as I say sometimes, impossible advocate of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with semen semes, two people within one body.
I've worked with people with standards, people much lower than the average.
And I've worked with many cases of people with athletic sex, individuals whose physical psychology doesn't fit in male school and conventional females.
In general lines, we can call it international.
The hydrogen adopted many ways.
I'm going to give you some examples of ways of having a sex that doesn't fit in male or female common forms.
For example, there's the case of the individual with X-ray change that the SETI gene of the chromosome and tells the protocols that we all have in the federal life, which become testifying.
And then, in the federal life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks from terrorist receptors -- the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome.
So there are high levels of testosterone, but no reaction.
As a consequence, the body is developed following a typically female course.
When the baby is born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a girl. It's raised as a girl.
And often it's not until puberty, when it's growing up and developing the breast, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something is happening.
After doing tests you realize that instead of having ovarian and theoretical, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's actually not like that.
Women like men, like men, we have in the body called super-engineered glands in the body.
They're at the bottom part of the body.
Surprise glands produce legs, the hormone.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- don't know his chromosome structure, I think being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to the legs.
We produce leaders and we respond to the legs.
As a consequence, someone like me has the brain most exposed to the legs than the woman who was born with testicles that have the synthetic intelligence syndrome.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the aliens are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some way they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I got a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as you would do, had a girlfriend, and sex relationships with her, he took a life as a boy and just discovered that I had operations and theoretical.
He had an extreme shape of a known disease as a software supermarket.
He had 20th chromosomes and in the uterus the sustainable glands were so active that, essentially, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genetics were made up of the brain that was exposed to the typical hormone component of marketing.
He was born with a child, no one suspected nothing.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started having medical problems caused by internal mentality, when the doctors discovered that in fact, it was a woman.
Well, another quick example of an experience case.
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what is known as a monologists, which is to say, they have Victorian tissue wrapped in molecular tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So there's a lot of sex.
The reason why kids with these kinds of bodies -- it's earning, season seasons, or sensorically -- they are shown to normal surgery not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason for various surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity, supposedly, black means having African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with catapony.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture of individuals.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individuals.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children that are born like two people within one body.
The most warm case is last year with South African correspondent Castern Sementoine, and he put on a trial of judgment his sex in the International And International Japanes.
Many journalists called to ask me, "What are they going to do to determine whether Casey Sementain is man or woman?
And I had to explain to the journalists that don't exist such a test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't trace a sharp line between men and women or men and women and women and women and women and women -- we are who we trace that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more advanced science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- we thought were stable anatomical categories that correspond directly with stable identical categories -- they're much more difficult than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that happens much more complicated than the terminology allows us.
As we see, we get in a rough terrain.
Let's look at the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What will we do about the fact of different from them in just a few neuroscientists?
And as we progress in science we get more and more in an uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that simple categories that we work are probably too simple.
And we're looking at this in all the merits of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human, and it has different rights to the feet.
There are very nice discussions today -- maybe not in public, but I know within medicine -- about when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to show them with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of people put a pen in front of the nose, and if he moved it still didn't understand it.
If I stopped moving around it.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them into another body.
And as a consequence, we need to face the dilemma to really determine somebody's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And maybe you think that this explosion of categories could get someone like me.
In politics I'm a progressive, I define people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
It will be that these categories are much more unstable, than we thought about me.
Think from the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm an amazing fan of the founding parents.
I know they were racist -- I know they were sex, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, that I found myself every so much looking at that music course "Regointment: "The "Button Museum is totally pretty.
That's why it happened in 177 with the founding parents.
The founding parents were to me, to me, the first activists of the anatomy and explained why.
What they rejected was an atomic concept and they replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and stayed for 200 years.
And as everyone remembers what our founding parents rejected was the idea of the monarchy -- the monarchy was based on a very simple concept of the anatomy.
The old world governments didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were the idea that it came to political power on the right of blood transported from the grandfather to the father and then the son, etc.
The founding fathers rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomic concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They leveraged the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anticipation in common and not atomic differences. That was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of a symptom system that they were doing two things.
It was getting the democracy and the same time was born by science.
And it's very clear, if you look at the story of the Falls Foundation, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were distinguished from the supernatural explanations and they were reaching the concept of supernatural power transmitted by the idea of a range of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of independence, talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in a sense, they were taking up the idea of anatomical concentration.
And by doing so, they were sitting in the basis of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it that way, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened next?
And women succeeded.
Then he came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the Hularch Translate County, who said, "I'm not a woman?"
We found men in the rows of Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
And again, the color people who appealed to the anatomical coincidence on atomic difference, and again, they succeeded.
We see the same thing with the Disconnect movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at concerts, we have to start asking why we keep certain divides.
But attention, I want to maintain some anatomical devices in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't want to say that we should leave to the anatomy of anatomy.
I don't mean that the five-year-old children were supposed to allow them to have sex relationships or married.
There are some anatomical dimensions that make me feel and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why they keep them and if they make sense.
Well, we went back to those two being connected to the beginning of this talk.
We have two things, both of them in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day.
Let's imagine one of them, Mary was born three months before time -- one in June 1, 1980.
Henry, by the way, was born in term, was born on March 1, 1980.
For the fact of having been born three months before Mary are attributed all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because he was born later.
We found other values in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man, if I haven't told you if it's X, in virtue of being considered man now is possible for the mandatory analytics that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Maria, by the way, doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still have anatomical categories that in various aspects are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science advances so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy could demonstrate?
I don't want to quit science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is scaling us.
Where do we go?
It looks like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude, "Well, we have to trace the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But many people are trapped in a rare position.
For example, Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man don't have to have chromosome and that to marry a woman you've got to have chromosomes and ...
Now, in practice they don't make a chemical test to people.
But this is also very strange by the story that I told you at the beginning of the syndrome.
If you look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I have drop offers a solution.
It says that we should judge people based not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their cartoonist, going beyond anatomy.
And I mean, "Yes, the idea looks very good.
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of their career?
I want to point out that I'm not sure that I'm not sure we should be based on this to guarantee people, because I have to admit that I know some of the retreats that are probably reverse to social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some labs that I know can make more informed decisions and smart and mature about their sexual relationships than people in 40 I know.
So how do you put in practice the issue of the character content?
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of one person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic MRI.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that America is still guiding this string of thinking in relation to the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we're going to do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to being killed, unless it's willing to take a sex change, which case is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that he had done to give birth Twin seasons to then separate them and so that they appreciate their family.
But when the phone asked the reason about the option of the operation was a very risky operation, he said that in that other country, these kids would be very stranger, and they had to do it.
What I said, "Well, has it considered political asylum.
America offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the good of the state.
So I think we have to be to the head.
Well, to finish to finish I mean I've been talking a lot about parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given greater participation to the mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist -- and that is that I think there may be different ideas coming from different anatomic types, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, because I've been interested in the hardware, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that has been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about cultural studies is that women, on average, not all, but on average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relations and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
years ago, when I was in graduate school, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in the feminist --  I was considered a feminist -- I got a strange plant."
"Tell me what the feminist has about feminist."
And I thought, "It's the most stupid question I've ever heard.
The feminist has to do with getting the gender stereotypes, so there's nothing feminine in the feminist."
But the more I thought about his question, the more I think there is something female in the feminist.
That is, there might be something, on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relations and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So while the parents were very aware to find a way to protect people from the state of the state, it is possible that, to have injected more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the recorded support.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we bring democracy beyond analyst, thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect Union, think of what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents to attract new residents.
Well, right now, we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they value much more than their cost of construction.
So we could easily bring it into the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if they've never thought about new cities.
But just replacing them by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments already were owners and that the other half was still missing to do it.
They could try to increase the ability to make amplifications in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you will face is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the nuisance and the distribution distraction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those amplified.
But they could go to a completely new place, build a completely new apartment building, always and when the rules of that place facilitate the construction instead of putting it up.
So I proposed that governments create new reform zones that are big enough to contain cities and gave them a name, cities under status.
Later at the same time, Jarrett and October were thinking about the challenge of reforming Honoris.
They knew that every year around 75,000 speakers would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Housey.
In the summer of 2009, London went through a constant constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Pete Lobel is addressed with a platform in which I promise reforms and at the same time reconciliation.
He asked Oxford to be his head of galaxy.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TED.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error, and a lot of tests with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under status to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of normal, like those rules that say you can't go and bother all the current responses of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need as much of technologies and the rules to play, and usually it's the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent to Oxford a link with TED.
He showed it to Jarrett.
They called me.
They said, "Let's show this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami, in a conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this picture that shows the value of the land in a place like New York -- leading that, in some cases worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, October said, "Paul, maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a standard city is a place where you start with a device -- a status that specifies the rules that will apply there and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or not live under those norms.
So the Holeston president called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way to make our country forward.
He asked me to go to Talking and talk about the four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which I included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Devil and the white line is the new airport that was built in Devil.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the speakers that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measures at least 1,000 square miles.
That's more than 100,000 acres.
Everybody completely applaud the world.
The public faces were very serious and attacks.
The leader of Congress came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for his talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk.
I have this in my computer here.
So I sat up and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explains how essential a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be an option of a city that they could be in Honess, instead of hundreds of miles away from the north.
And it also included new choices for leaders.
Because the leaders of the government of Honduras. They would need to help in associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the standards of the status and so that they could all trust that the state effectively turned on.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily get about a thousand square miles.
And shortly after the 19th of January, they voted in Congress to transform their Constitution and add a constitutional device that allowed these special development regions.
In a country that just went through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional email was 125 to one.
All the parties -- all the features in society, they spread it.
To include the Constitution, you have to take twice in Congress.
The 17th of February was approved again in another voter, from 111 to one.
Immediately after the voting of the 21 to February 24, a defense of about 30 houses went to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in the building of cities.
One is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that's being built in South Korea, and it's bigger than the Boston center.
All you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years getting permission for four years.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this in practice, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They are preparing a legal system that would allow the ambitions to come from, and at once it would allow to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the last institution for this new judicial system.
There are urban cities and cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know that they've already solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies who wanted to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a commercial area, and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
There are 700 million people who say they would like to change immediately somewhere else.
There are a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to go back to their family to go to get a job, sometimes they're single mothers who have to win money so only eat or buy clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes even kids who are trying to get together with their parents who haven't seen in some cases, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to think about building a new city in Honor?
Or build a dozen of these, or have a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to think about insisting for families to choose between various cities that are competing to attract new resistant?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my fellow friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesus, and this is my value.
But before I show you what is inside, I'm going to make a public confession -- and that is that, I live obsessed with the suit.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog suits, colorful and different colors for each other.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand market and second hands of seats.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my guardian in the environment and in my wallet.
I come to know interesting people, usually my money goes to a good cause, and my partner is unique. And buying becomes my personal search for teachers.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it going to be my store?
Would I like color color?
cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I've won.
Going back to my journey, I want to tell you what I started for this exciting week at TED.
That is, what do you bring up with someone who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought up.
I've brought seven pairs of inner clothes, and nothing else.
And it was interviewer for exactly a week that's all I put in my value.
I imagine it would be able to find everything else that I wanted to use after getting here to Palm Spiders.
And because they don't know me as the woman walking through TED in inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting?
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that I believe or not, I have learned in this adventure of not using new clothes.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this brilliant tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look good.
You almost can see phenomenal for less than 50 dollars.
The whole thing, including the jacket, took me 50, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Mondays: color is energy.
It's almost physiologically impossible to be a bad mood, when you're watching a bright red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: The integration is survived.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
Just do yourself.
If you surround the right people, you won't only understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Sharports: Guatemala of the child you carry in.
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like I play the discresses, or I remind you to your seven years.
I like to smile and say, "Thank you."
Jokey: The trust is key.
If you think you look well with something, it's almost safe you are.
And if you think you don't see something well, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your interior and outside, you don't see you can't attract it.
So there's no excuse for anybody in this audience.
We must be able to achieve everything we want to do.
Thank you.
Five-many -- a universal truth six words for you: Daddy grandparents go with everything.
And finally, I stabled -- develop a personal and unique personal way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people came up with me this week just by what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home, Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to get emotionally to these things, because at the course of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful, bright supply, if there's a little love in my heart and looking for me.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we used a scale to measure the attitude of each hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be someone who is completely logic.
This would be someone who is totally intuitive.
So where do you get your brain on this scale?
Some opt on one of these extremes -- but I think for most of the integrations of this audience, your brain is something like this -- with a great attitude in both hemispheres at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually excluding.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider myself one of those people, that just like most other experimental quantum physicists, we need quite a lot of logic to match these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them, and then we see how they react to them, and then we developed our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
Some intuition that you can have developed with the years is the one that says one thing can be just in a place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion -- they developed.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, it always fell down.
But I bet that the play with that bar of parking taught him a valuable lesson, and that is that big things don't allow them to pass them, and they remain in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have from the world, except you're a particle physics.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist because they don't play with parking bars -- play with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all sorts of really rare things -- like they can pass walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called it quantum mechanics.
And at that point you found the physics a few years ago, you need quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody saw a particles.
But it didn't really adjust to my logical part.
Because if everything is made out of small particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then it shouldn't all follow the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanical surface.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal piece of metal I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend it a little bit. You find it right in the center.
And then we make a good deal with the little bit of metal.
What we see is a little bit of metal, with the form of transition, and it will be supported on a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I set up all the big machines for about 100 hours.
By the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this kind of pilot wild way underneath the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum superpower, but so it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm on an elevator alone, I do all sorts of weird things, but then when other people come up to do those things, because I don't want them to bother them, or actually seat.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel companies of inanimate objects are not just people, it's the light that flu it and the wind that happens on the side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to be made according to quantum mechanics, we would have to expand all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We took the lights off, then we introduced an appearance and we extracted all the air, and then we face it to a temperature of less than a degree above the absolute zero.
Now, by being just on the elevator, the little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We found it moving in very strange forms.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating -- and the way it was vibrating was like a breathing in this form -- like a fire that expands and contributes.
And by giving it a soft push, we were able to make it virus, and it doesn't vibrate at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a virtual thing and not virtually at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the trillion atoms that make that metal piece are the talks and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain senses when those are alive.
In the rest of the time they're displayed.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that all the metal piece is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth going into a clean room to do this for all those years, because you look at this, the difference in scale between one atom and that metal piece is more or less the same as the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you too?
I mean, it's my logical part that speaks it.
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time. What would that be?
How do you make your consciousness if your body was displaced in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we turn out the lights and we looked inside the box, we saw that the metal was still there in one piece.
And I could come to this new intuition -- apparently all objects on the elevator are actually only quantum objects that are simply made in a small space.
You hear a lot about how quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more profound than that.
It is that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep range of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amilia.
And 18 months ago I did another work on Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who was here and allowed me to take it up.
It took me 18 months to me.
Lots of negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on it.
There are a lot of stories about why we did.
I think my own story is just explaining in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
I won a great education -- I didn't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums. I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
Better than show the demo to then explain to you a couple of interesting things that we've taken from their launch.
So just -- let's go Gologina.
Look around all the museums that exist.
There's the Furby gallery -- the MoMA, the Emission, the Russian, the Gandhi Google.
I'm actually going to enter one of my favorites, to Metropolis, the New York art museum in New York City.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and field, we are in the museum.
No matter where you are, Bombay, or Mexico, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and you're fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum?
We open on the top of the top, and with a single click, we jumped inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
They follow forward. They are divided."
explore.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Cops of Peter Brutter in the Metropolis.
I see the sign B.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here is all the metabolic information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the gigantic technology.
So this image, for example, contains it, I think, 10,000 million pigs.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 pictures?
So I'm going to show you what you really get to 10,000 miles.
It can make it very simple.
You see funny things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to deep.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting.
I went into and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I was looking at a little bit, I talked to some people from the Mellon, and I actually discovered that this is a game called universal, which is to hit a side with a stick, the Mars of Carbon.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper in depth and you'll see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to take away the image, so you'll see really what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump to MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The night star."
The example I showed you was to find detail.
But what if you want to see the paintings?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece master?
It goes up and it really does.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this painting, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is the state night started -- I think I'd never seen it so much.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are many things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "conflictions."
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a manning, that gives you the same.
You can online your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we come in, -- I've created this function that I call "The Book of the Boom," -- we just made a book around.
It's about "The Barbarians at London.
You can put things out, send them to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you're contemplating these masterpieces of teacher.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all incredible things don't really come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they don't even come from museums either.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium do justice to your artwork and it's represented properly online.
And the big question that they do today is, "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a piece, a flying piece.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of your bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that something really interesting in Frank 1 in the last two decades.
So some time ago, if you wanted to win a formula from formula one, I would take a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot was good enough, you won the career.
This is what is called the control system in real time.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor and an action.
The interesting thing is that the control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics in the last few years.
They're becoming computers in the air.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accessed.
Connecting cities is a big thing.
As a note attacked I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- to 80 percent of CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these detection and assets are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Pale Annal for the late year at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called "The Talk One."
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking to us.
In a way, it's like almost all existing atoms become sensors and activists.
And that's changing the interaction that we humans have with the outside environment.
It's almost like in the old dream of Michelangelo.
You know, when Michelangelo angel sculpt the Moses, he says that at the end he took the hammer, and he threw it back to the Moses -- -- you can still see a little meter -- and he said, "Hey not paralyzed? Why don't you talk about?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- insisting on the idea of capturing the environment and figuring out something.
Let's start with detection here.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer summer of 2006.
It was the year I won the World Cup of the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, they played Italy and France, and at the end of Zipter he gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of the Internet.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at the activity on the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Columbia in the middle and the Terror River.
It's tomorrow, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
For the early afternoon, there are people over here and there doing calls moving.
It starts the party, silence.
Gulf from France. Gulf of Italy.
Enteredity, people do a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of the really refugee time.
First of all, a second time.
Zipter, and at a moment, the head.
Make Italy, yeah!
That night everyone was going to celebrate it into the center.
There you see the great peak.
The next day everyone went into the center of the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then everybody went down.
You see the picture of the place called City Massac where, from the romantic time, people are going to celebrate -- it's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how the city pulse can measure the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection: it's not about people, but things we use and consume us.
Today we know all about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac communicate, how they are discussed.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project, we developed a few small tags to track the trash in its delivery by the system.
We started with volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to tag what they were looking at, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of all was taken.
And then we put a little chip on it, a tank, and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
Park from Seattle.
after a week.
So with this information, we realized that there are many directions in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
They are happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transport.
But the other thing we believe is that if we look at all the days that the cup that we free doesn't disappear, that it's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we shine one day is still there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavioral change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague of MIT, Assaneon Berkeley, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mention at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zarica.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the use of water in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop -- it was, imagine that they have a chaos and valves, solar valves that open and shut down.
It's created as a water curtain.
If you give the pixels you can write in them, show patterns, images, text.
And when we zoom in, the curtain will open so that we can happen, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Blind Black.
He liked a lot.
And I set up a commission to design the building at the experiment of the Exposure.
We call it Digital Water Paul.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows -- but when you approach you to open up so you can happen.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there's a little wind, if you want to minimize the sacred, you get down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture goes away, as in this case.
Those days will always be someone in the winter when they go down the roof, somebody who was there and she said, "Do you decompose the building."
No, it's not that they've gone down, but when it goes down almost all the architecture disappears.
Here it is in work.
You see people intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am trying to not move by testing the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
Every child in Zarica came to the building, because the way we interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let me happen, but a building that kept making cuts and holes of water, and you had to jump to not move.
(Clinic noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about the use that people will give to our designs.
But then the reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact -- that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels -- water pixels and projects about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one that we saw before, which moves with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pixels in it.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes.
And then all of that could be a piece of pixels in 3D to which you can zoom in, and go on, and see from very different angles, to see.
This is the real Florida controlled by going down to form a saw, like before.
When you turn the light, you see this -- the same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by one person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bollie -- one of the best ballet ballet dancers of the New York City and the Milk Scale, to capture their 3D movements and use them as an entry for Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels -- the capture in different resolution.
It's so much diagram in real time as a movement.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can run all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as possible for the Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- almost like a cloud of cloud -- like a critic crash, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody donated a little bit for a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last couple of years is that, in the last two decades, we move from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible across the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this may be that we wanted to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions. How do you move from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can get people involved in doing this together, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud they're pigs.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered with pixels covered with them.
You can move inside, having different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, to be able to share the main moments of the U.S. Olympics.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can rise, as a new top of London.
You can go in there.
As if it was a new digital wall at night, but the most important thing is that it's going to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve the memory -- for a more accurate and faster and faster.
Or maybe you'd like to be in better way, become stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and more secure alone?
How about living more with good health?
Or maybe they were those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What would you like to like?
What would you like, if you could choose something?
(Music of Audience: Creative: creativity. creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
They probably went to the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many choose the memory?
Some more.
What about the physical state.
A little less.
How about longevity.
Oh, most of it makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe it's possible?
Evolution has been a personal theme here at the TED conference, but today I want to give you a doctor on the subject.
The great generation of the 20th century, T. Douglas, who also joined the European Entrice Church wrote a trial called "Nothing in biology makes sense except to the light of evolution.
But if you actually accept biological evolution you consider this: it's just the past, or the future?
Does it mean to others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well at an extreme end, it is, of course, the one that interests us.
We're going to leave a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
There has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of homosexuals.
Some of them have gone and back.
We've been here about 130 years old.
It might seem like we're very far away from other parts of this tree of life, but actually in its majority of the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes.
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein chemically inclusive, which comes out of the pancreas coming out.
And talking about bacteria -- they realize that we all take into the most bacterial intestine than the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think of -- when Antonio Damascus raises the adaptation of adults, they think about bacteria -- think about bacteria.
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's clothes, dark, memory, it's very accelerator.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without effort from your part.
It really is like a quick way for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force to the output.
But by the way, we're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or destined to become something different, something maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast inclusive symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, as one single single companies, and the human life, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the interesting part of this talk, so I hope that they have enjoyed it.
When I was just entering college, I had my first class of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in the cell organisms, every cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two different cells.
But when the multicellular organisms turn out, things start to change.
It enters the sexual reproduction.
And something really important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes predictable.
In fact, you might say that the inevitability of death of the body is in evolution at the same moment of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student thought, well, sex, sex, death by sex -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year I was going on, every year I had more devices.
I got to understand George Burka feelings, which still was in Las Vegas in their 90 years.
And one night someone hits his hotel door.
He opens the door.
And in front of him, you find a magnificent light dancing dance.
He looks at it and says, "I came in looking for a sex subway."
"Okay, say, "George, I choose the sound."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different target to the goal of evolution, not necessarily contradiction, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stay healthy.
I wanted to recover health in disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is going to spend genome to the next generation -- adding and survival after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like shelter rockets designed to send genetic charge into the next level, and then let us fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen was when he said, "I don't want to get the immortality through my work.
I want to make it not dying."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the bigger or stronger or faster, and even the smarter.
Evolution favors creatures better adapted to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean, the temperature bacteria that can survive the heat of the flowers that will produce, if there were fish there, fish covered to the cow, yet they've managed to make that an accessible environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if you look forward, the next phase -- I would say that there are many possibilities.
The first one is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we have set our environment to be adapted to us as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrated -- and we make it so much that you can't actually have the isolation necessary for the evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that it produces an evolution of traditional type, natural type, driven by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be that the gears of evolution are revolutionary -- but they're unexpected.
And in terms of analysis, when as a species collaborates distant planets are going to be the isolation and environmental changes that can produce the evolution in a natural way.
But there's a third possibility -- an attractive possibility -- intriguing and frightening.
The call neuroscience, the new evolution, which is not just natural -- but guided and selected by us as individuals in the decisions we will take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more values than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what's chosen to the individual and familiar level.
Think as well as possible to be able to choose not only the sex of their development, but in their own body will do the genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could do genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce cancer risk or eliminate the application?
Wouldn't they want to make those changes in their genes.
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and demonstrated 13 years.
It cost 2.7 million dollars.
The next year of having finished, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost near the 20,000 and a week.
It's not going to take a lot to make the human genome for 100,000 and get more and further to the scope of all.
These changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe or there is no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against culture in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good about the table?
That's true today and the future is going to be more and more possible.
Imagine just another two little changes.
Can you change your bodies, but if you could change the cells of your desert?
What if you could change sperm and flu and change the revenue recently, and give them a better chance of a healthier life, to remove diabetes, to remove the home of cancer?
Who doesn't want healthier children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent diseases will also allow us to also adopt supermarkets: a better memory.
Why don't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jenning especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Water machine.
Why don't you have a faster contract muscle that allows us to run faster and more distant?
Why not live more time?
This is going to be inspirational.
And when we are in conditions to pass this into the next generation and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to have converted the evolution of before in the neuroscience.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years.
These are elections that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have to have them.
Are we going to use these options in a better society, more successful, more considered?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more resource and more very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deepest thing about everything, we're going to be able to develop wisdom and how to inherit wisdom needed to make these decisions wise?
For good or for bad, and before what I might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're at 900 feet high.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine making climate, click, climate.
20th, climate, click, classroom. It sounds frightening.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the middle.
It was the only one who could talk to the flight assistant.
So I looked at them, and they said, "There's no problem. We probably hit some birds.
The pilot had seen the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot holds the airplane with the Hudson River.
Obviously that is not the route.
The motors off.
Imagine being in an airplane and no noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most heartbreaking words I've ever heard.
He said, "Getting up for the impact."
I didn't have to talk to the flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
Life was over.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to come in, and I didn't do it, all the fences I wanted to do, all the experiences I've wanted to have and I never had.
While I was thinking about that later. I came up with a sentence, which is, "Collection bad bad."
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that growth, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we were avoiding the George Washington Bridge -- I didn't have a lot of -- I thought about, OK, I really feel a big weight.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity, I have tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity, I also give my ego as well.
And the time I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who do matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then as a measure in that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels great.
I don't try to be right. I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is how your mental clock is coming, 15, 14, 13.
You see the water approach.
I'm saying, "Please fly.
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, Wow, die not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go. I love my life.
And that sadness was made in a single thought, which is just one thing.
I wish I could see my kids growing up.
A month later, I was in a performance of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- yet.  And I shout down, cry like a little bit.
And for me, that was all the reason being the world.
At that point I understood by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
For all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I came up with a miracle of not dying that day.
And I became another gift, which was the possibility of looking at the future and back and live in another way.
You guys are flying today, the challenge you imagine that the same thing happens to you in your plane -- and please don't be like that -- but imagine, and how would they change?
What do they do, they still hope to do because they think they're going to live forever.
How would they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, they're being the best parents that you can do?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most cool thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TED was one of the most important graffiti graphs in the '80s.
And one day he came home after running and said, "Dad, I feel a home in the legs."
And that was the beginning of ALS.
TED has a total paralyze.
You can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony and TED, and his cause.
So I went and met her brother and his father and said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with him?
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him, and he's able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, it's not that you've seen Stephen Hawking -- isn't that all people with paralysis can communicate through those shorters?
And he said, "No, unless you be some important and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do they communicate then?
Does anybody see the movie "The Free Free and the market?
They communicate in that way -- they're going on with the finger.
I said, "That's cool. How can it be?
So he introduced me with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead I signed a chemo that I had no idea how I was going to cover it.
He bought me with his brother and his father there at that precise moment, "All right, this is the treatment, Tony is going to speak -- we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back to make its art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much in their interior can't communicate it.
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called GPS Reduce Lab, who have a technology that allows them to project a light in any surface and then, with a laser dot, draw on that and record the negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that come up, they say, are part of a life cycle.
First of all, they start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, after the Buttones and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentation.
And so the journey began.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving things back to another, we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies and we got a machine for TED to communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun. I call it Adam because when you talk to the guy you get an email of him, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic.
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers from around the world literally from all the corner of the planet to our home.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved back to the back and these hackers and programmers and conservations and anti-people took the control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we did something completely stupid. And that when we went back there would have taken off the walls of walls and in their place there would be graffiti there.
But for two weeks, we showed up, we went to the standard country of Venice, my son was part, my dog too, and we created this.
It's called "Republican Wolfecement, and you can see the description here.
It's a couple of cheap sunglasses that we bought in the step of Venice, Beach Beach, some copper wire and Homo December things and Radio Scott.
We took a PRS camera, we open it, we put it on a LED light, and now there's a device that is free -- you build it yourself. We published the free code -- the software goes down.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says, "No."
There's no hospital that can say "No."
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is another person's room and that's his room.
There was all this balloon and air during the great opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions of all night, Tony went back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life, and it's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran her bed so he could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the parking outside of the hospital.
And he started drawing for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you would imagine what the feeling was in parking parking on.
The funny thing was that we had to bust in the parking way, so we felt like we were losing the graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an electronic email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I'd been under the water, and somebody finally came to rescue me and pull me out there so I could breathe.
Isn't that wonderful?
In a way, that's our war of war.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing it.
And we have a long way to run with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves a lot more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and do it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free, none of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy," "Oh, this is fantastic.
Armstrong takes something about us and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the top 50 inventors in 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what ends up closing the circle, is that in April this year at the MOM George in downtown Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called "Art in the Streets."
And Art in the streets is going to have the best expressions of urban art Bank, Shirt Fake, CAPTCHAs, all of them are going to be there.
TED is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So basically this is my idea: If you look at something that is not possible, make it possible.
None of the things in this room was -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the School -- nothing was possible at some point.
Make it possible, anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with hidden recognition technology, just acknowledged something and partnered me with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do when we find something that we feel like we have to do -- if it's not now, when am I not me, who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years moving in very difficult situations and at the same time a little dangerous.
I went to prison, hard.
I worked on a coal mine -- dangerous.
He filmed in war zones, difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at first, something hard in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career I've been diving into a horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to look at social issues in ways that turn out attributes, interesting, and, hopefully, analyze them in a way that you see interest and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew I would come here to make a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the sponsor wanted to do something a little different.
So some of you may have heard it, or not, a couple of weeks ago I took a bird in Emana.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, I offered the rights name of my TEDTalk from 2011.
What had been the following: "And the NBASS is presentation: my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is to be about and according to content I could exploit in the face, especially if I put it in ridicule to you or your company by doing it.
But I said this is a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a title in progress, by the way.
So even with that savings I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I couldn't tell you with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we looked at the world of the marketing of advertising.
And as I said before, I've been in horrible situations over the last few years, but nothing could prepare me -- nothing could be anticipate for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Spider: I want to make a film that comes from the collection of products, the marketing and advertising, and that all of the film is funded with a collection of products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to be called "The largest movie ever selling."
What happens in "The largest movie ever selling is that everything above the bottom -- at the end of the end, it has brand images -- all the time, from the auditory that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand -- Machie Stanford, the State Center.
These people are going to be associated with philosophy to performance.
And so the film explores all this idea.  (Machine Kasamas: It's reduced." Is it what? MK: Is it reduce." At perfection, for all?
I'm a reduced peak. (Music, I just say that. It was more for approximation.
It was "properties."
But we're not just going to have the X-ray of the X brand in the title but we're going to make sure that we get all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and it becomes the most cool shoe you've used to.
The most cool car that you have driven in "The largest movie ever selling, the best trick you have drank -- correspondent from "The largest movie ever selling."
Garden Kohn: The idea is then besides showing the brands as part of life, making them fund the film? (Mumbel," making it funding the film. MS: And we actually show the full process of how it works.
The whole film goal is transparency.
You'll see the whole process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all the film, in principle at the end.
And I would love him to help me make it happen.
Robert Fried: You know, it's funny, because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
Guy: However, I don't know how receiver people are going to be.
MK: You have a perspective. I don't know if "I talk about it is very negative, but you know how to replicate? (Muslim: No idea. David Cohen: How much money does it need to do this?
MS: A million and a half -- D, OK. John Kare: I think it's going to be difficult with them, but it certainly is going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands to it.
MK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the film comes out, we see ourselves as a lot of joyful languages.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Russia: Most answers.
MS: But will be hard to sell it, for the film or to be me?
JK: both.
MS:  means you're not very optimistic.
So do you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: Very good. MK: Okay. Awesome.
MK: We have to think about what brands do.
MS: Yes. MK: That's the challenge. When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go. (Muslim: Okay. Turn out the camera.
MS: I thought that "stick off the camera meant we have a conversation outside of microphone.
The camera means "We don't want to know anything about your movie."
MS: And so it was, one of these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought the concept of advertising, was to present the product to as many people as possible, to make a lot of people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the section of the separate media, is not the idea to tell with this new digital vehicle of attention that is going to bring the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a garage mistake, and that error was this.
Actually, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image represents.
See, when you look for transparency images on Google --    this is one of the first images that comes out.
I like your way to roll up, Sergey British. No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understandable -- that is characterized by the vision or accessible of information, especially in business practice, being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name, the president the name, even the CEOs name it.
But suddenly when it comes to doing it something changes suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  -- like that weird bear that's still suggesting.
It's predictable.   Like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risk?
It will be an entire San Whitenerm care.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you can tell you the story?
See, when I was a kid, my father caught me on some lie -- and there he is looking at me as he used to do it, he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
You see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with only one company, an agency wanted to help me -- and that just because I met John Bond and Richard Kindura for many years -- I realized that I would have to go through my own, I would have to take up the hell and go to the companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to warn all of a sudden -- what I started to realize is, when you start conversation with companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big movies, huge movies, giant and others who make small movies, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies, giant giants, say the reason their movies have so much success is because of the associated brands that they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant movie films?
And the movie is called "The largest movie ever selling."
How are we going to see Bank specifically in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my boat, you'll see the devastation Bang.
At any time during an interview with someone I can say, "Are you good cool for this interview?
Are you ready? You see you a little nervous.
I want to help you shut up.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview."
And there I would offer one of these fabulous arms.
Both Fulloyau Florida is going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have as much for man as well as for a woman, solid, to ball, as it is.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give them a missed look.
Karen Franklin: We are a small brand.
So similar to the smallest kind of movies that you count -- we're more good at a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that they have other brand.
So doing things like that, you know, remember Bang to people is the reason why this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bang?
banana is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: Terrible technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put on the rocket.
Man: We talked about a bold thing, free.
I think "Free is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus some solar and super."
You keep you cold.
How do we keep free more time? With better free, more farmer, three times more free.
Things like those who are restricting the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-traumatic company.
What about me? What about a common guy.
I need to talk to the street man, people like me, to the common Peace.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your market?
Man: Mmm my mark?
I don't know.
I like the good clothing.
Woman: Review the '80s, "paradox unless it is day to launch.
MS: All right, what's the German brand.
German: Something unique. (Music: unique." Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style I have would be like a dark glamour.
I like dark colors, lots of gray and things like that.
Usually I take access as gay glasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic conversation: markets.
Man 2: The brand I am, I would call it career fly.
Woman 2: In part hippie -- partly a piece of Brownest, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of masses.
selling toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that is my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is Federal because I draw the market.
Man 5: Mark filmmaker failed.
Is that something?
Law-up -- I'm a lawyer.
Tom, I'm Tom.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand Tame, but I often rank in the intersection of dark glamour and car fly.
I realized I needed an expert.
He needed someone who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the brand personality."
And I found a company called Olympics Zalley in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Netico, Federa, Hall to discover that brand personality.
If you could do it for them, you could surely do it for me.
Andro" then translated the pictures, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world where you live -- like people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are organized and start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next day is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I want to be me.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me the bear -- why does that serve us?
What's the machine? What phase is you found now?
Why is it important? What does the red represent represent?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little more of you, which is not who you are.
What other metaphors have you have?
It doesn't have to be fear. What kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: Alash."  Thank you. No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience, (Muslim: Great job. A, yeah. (Muslim: Thank you very much. All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what is going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all of this.
Leonardo Zapsell: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but complementary in your brand personality -- the Morgan Spider brand is a conscious brand.
They are very well brought together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong dots or in the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature -- to avoid things that are not safe -- avoid fear, those elements -- and you actually get them up and make them become something positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are this?
The first here is classic classical, Apple.
And you can see Treasure here, Window, Minister of Minister Couples and Jetya.
Now there are playful marks and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and forth, but a collective brand is quite powerful.
MS: A technical brand. What's your market?
If someone asks you to describe your brand identity, your brand personality -- what would it be?
Are you an analyst analyst and you're somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you more a decentralized attribute?
A little bit more clean, researched, conservative?
The adventures are like being a playful to be fresh like the Princeton, contemporary conference, adventure or bold like Earth Florida, fast or giant, profession, magic, magic or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you rather than article disappear?
Are you mindful about 2007?
Are you stabilized, traditional, prototype, protection with Obama?
Are you reliable, stable, family, confident, safe, safety, confident or wise like the Dalai Lama or Adam?
In the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies, hiding and descended, who said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neuroscience, and we got to tell the story in this film of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing as well as for film.
We went to San Paulo.
In the entire city over the last five years, there are no values, there are no volts, no volts.
And we went to school districts that companies are doing in schools with license problems in America.
The incredible thing for me is that the projects that I've had the biggest answer or the ones I've been more successful in are those ones that I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took the infrastructures, they took their agencies, and they said perhaps these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to be thinking about people, is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you have been successful? Did they succeed.
Well, since the movie are trained at the Sunday Festival -- let's take a look.
According to Burkhood the film are trained in January, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers just a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The movie still didn't distribute.
It's still not online. It's not in the sandwich.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad because almost all the agencies that we talked about, they advised their customers not to be part.
I've always believed that if you take risks, if you take risks, that you have opportunities.
I think when you get to the people that are pushing them into failure.
I think when you train your employees at the risk of the risk you're preparing all your company to make a reward.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that they can scare them.
Ultimately, moving forward, I think we have to give it place to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We opened the fear. We open the risk.
From a chapter at a time, we have to hug the risk.
And in short, we have to bring the transparency.
Today, more than ever a little bit of honesty is going to run a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "We "Learned Transparency has been presented by my good CMU friends, who by 7,000 bought the rights of the name in Emana.
CM: It turns big data into great opportunities for companies around the world.
EMG: Present "Well "The Transparency."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So Moran, in behalf of transparency, which happened exactly with those 17-year-old.
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a chemo in the name of the TED matrix of TED, the Saturn Foundation, a TV clip for a TV to be applied to my TED attendance of the next year.
The idea behind the Stuff interface is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the United Nations of Urbanization in National.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we can compromise these systems that control speed and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with the cell.
Greech boxes don't use Windows software -- they are a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put a Windows effective virus in a portable computer used by an engineer to make this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stanford.
We started with a window Windows.
The live goes into the gray box, the cell phone, and the nuclear nuclear program is democratized -- mission.
It's easy, here?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started research about Stanford six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing that you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part -- the installation used multiple December volunteers.
It seemed like wanting to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with StoryCorphopore, and we saw what happened with this.
So they spent very strange things.
Station was behaving as a lab of lab that he didn't like our cheese -- the wave, but I didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And then I was experimenting with different flavors of cheese -- I realized, and I thought, "This is a targeted attack.
It's completely advertised."
The installation is actively looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working at that place.
If not, StoryCorps does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is."
It might be, let's say for example, an American energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we'll discover the object soon.
So we extracted and we developed the attack code, and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were very professionally armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points that I would attack.
They probably even know how much the operator.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that Starling Station is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack of attacks.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much of the old teaching language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense of this code.
What we looked at at the beginning were called the functions of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we looked at temperatures and data structures, and we tried to relate to the real world, with objective potential in the real world.
We need theories about designers that we can approve or destroy.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent wire, it must be a valuable, and it's surely located in Iran because it's where most infection has been reported.
You don't find several thousand targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the Burkauska nuclear power plant and the National National Energy plant.
So I told my assistant, "The Ted and a list of all experts in neurons and energy plants between our clients.
I called them and put them in an effort for putting their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital eight with the control control.
The rotor is that mobile part within the cell, that black object you see.
If you drive the speed of this engine, you can certainly manufacture it and even make the grid explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to do it slow and decline in an obvious effort for returning to the nest maintenance engineers, so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital open by looking at the data and their structures.
So for example, the 160-seek number in that code, cannot be obvious.
I started researching scientific literature about how these neurons are built in Natalie and found that they're structured in what is called a cartoon, and every waterfall contains 160 cells.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it gets better yet.
These neurons in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code code?
An almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So that there is no manneredable: it wasn't like this.
The results have been obtained after several weeks of hard work.
We usually ended up in the warm wards, and we had to start again.
Even so, we found that both digital heads went to one and the same goal, but from different angles.
The small girl is taking a waterfall and making the rocks and released them, and the big open communicates with six waterfall and manipulating values.
In summer, we're very confident that we've determined what the destruction is.
It's Natalie, and it's just Natalie.
We shouldn't worry that other goals are achieved by StoryCorp.
So here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There is the gray box, and you see the cells.
What this thing does is to intercept the values of the sensors, for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code, which is still executed during attack, with false input data.
And believe it or not, this fake data data is prepared by StoryCorp.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the theft, the security camera feeds out of video pregnance.
Is it great here?
The idea here is obviously not just to bring the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the great steam turbine is going on, you have to open up speed valves in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't do it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're embedded, then they can spend bad things.
The plant can exploit it.
And neither the operating system is not going to notice it.
That scares it.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is great.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with certificates, with uranium narrative.
It could work also, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automated factory.
It's great.
And you don't have a lot of astronomers, and that will disseminate this load with a USB key, as we saw in the case of StoryCorp.
You could also use community conventional technology to do it.
Tell it the most possible.
And if you did that, you would end up with a chief destruction of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All the green areas are spaces with large number of goals.
We need to face the consequences and better we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph has been done in many sides that people assume the Mosquito is the main amount behind this.
What is your opinion?
Ralph Gandhi: Okay, really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My opinion is that the Museum is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber surface.
There is one single single one, and that's the United States, fortunately, lucky.
Because otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you. Thank you, Ralne.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give you sub-Saharan skills, or another one that makes users of wheelchair and get up and walk back.
In Berkeley Biosphere, we call these robots, schemes.
They're not different from something that gets in the morning, gives you a great strength, which is also increasing your speed, and it helps you, for example, to handle the balance.
It's actually the true integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and other external people.
This is not an wrong idea.
So to show you now in what we're working on, we started talking about the American soldier who, on average, has to take on its back a 40-different charge of 40, and it's demanding it even more team.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- lesions on the back, 30 percent of the soldiers -- with contrast chronic damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help manage the matter.
Let me introduce you to the Lippern Higgs -- or Portra University University.
Soldier: With the Linux electronics, I can cover 90 pounds of variable land for many hours.
Its flexible design, it allows you to put in cycles and run movements with great agility to do.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I increase my strength and my resistance.
Einstein Benki: We're ready, with our industrial partners, to produce this device -- this new exoskeleton this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
So let's go back now to the users of wheelchair and what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people right now, in wheelchair chairs, all over the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens in frequency -- very young people, with damage in the spine of the backbone that you start -- at the age of 20, 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that is aging very quickly.
His only option, a lot of times -- by a brain injury, or some other complications -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from its successful appearance, as I have to recognize.
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you to the ELAM who is using Amanda Botopian who had an injury in the vertical column, and as a result, he couldn't walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Botopia, thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our ELAM, which I mentioned.
It's got a few sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the board computer, here on the back.
Also here are some batteries that give the motors into the hip. And in the rocks, and they make it move with this soft and very natural standard.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, scaring up in the air, I was paralyzed down.
In a fraction of a second, I lost all feeling and every movement of the pelvis.
Shortly later, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Lady, you will never walk again."
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole up to the last little hope of hope of my being.
The adaptation technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to distribute it down in shorts, scale rocks and even ride in a hand bicycle.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change future generations -- not just soldiers but to Amazon, and all the clips of wheelchair comes to all.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battle, practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day, where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the Federal Man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, meet their cousins.
This is the world of wild Bonobos in Congo.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest lives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their agenda.
But unfortunately, we've done too much emphasis in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys, terrifying people, the Bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence hasn't yet been observed yet.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understood of the great apes, unfortunately.
They live in the depths of the frozen rainforest, and it's been very hard to study it.
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the tension itself -- scenario of a violent conflict that has been projected for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also put in danger the survival of the Bonobo.
The meat meat and deforestation makes you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that are in the world, and honestly, we're not sure about it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the laughter hiding the trees.
Who are these first crime?
We know them as the apes "do love -- not the war -- because they have frequent sex, programmer and biomimicry to handle conflict and solve social problems.
And I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because life of Bonobos is more than the Katrina Sun.
Bonings, like humans, love to play throughout their entire life.
Play is not just a game of children.
For us and for them, the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance to it.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience and has to do with generation of diversity -- diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the game game, you see the evolutionary roots itself, the dance and the human ritual.
Play is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique unique videos taken from the wild medium.
First, it's a band game game, and I don't talk about football.
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a personality.
Look at what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, it has taken away from the balls.
I just think that in this case, he loves him, right?
Yeah.
So sexual play is common as much in Bonobo and humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing things unusual to the game -- like testicles, and also how play requires trust and promotes trust, and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is police.
The game is police, it can adopt a lot of ways, some of which are more common, imaginations, curious, maybe the place where the awe are recovered.
And I want you to see -- this is Full, a young female who is playing with water fascinating.
I think, like her, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and external worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just little samples of understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key of these abilities.
In other words, play is our comfort of adaptation.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But are we going to take advantage of our game?
Play is not free.
Play is essential.
For Bonobo and humans alike, life is not just cruel and destroyed.
When you look at the least appropriate play, you can be the moments that it's the most urgent thing.
So you buy primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscovered creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I'm responsible to develop a nonprofit organization called Robin Horous.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I combine fires as a captain of captain in a body of voluntary business.
And in our city, where volunteers combine a highly skilled person, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to enter action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But there was still a career standing against the other volunteers to get to charge and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain I was fascinated in a conversation with the owner that certainly was one of the worst days of his life.
We were on the last night, she stood outside in the rain, under a paradox, in piece, discovered, while his house was in fire.
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I was, "Let's call it Lister Luther --  -- came first to the captain and he asked her to go into and save the dog of the house.
The dog." I was so closed."
There I was a language or a money gesture who, during the rest of his life, would have to tell people I entered a building in a call to save a live living only because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the following.
The captain made me an admiration.
He said, "Boy, I need to go home.
I need you to go up, get the fire, and you bring it to this woman a couple of shoes.
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected but I was -- I got the stairs, at the end of the hallway -- I went to the real firemen that at that height or less they had finished taking off the fire and entered the main room looking for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back to the staircase where I met my Newtonians and the precious dog on the main door.
We took away from the house to the house of home where, as it was to expect, his treasure.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the owner of the house by the brave effort demonstrated to save his house.
The kindness that she looked at over the other was that someone had reached them even a couple of shoes.
Both in my voice in Robin Hood, as in my voice as a volunteer building, I witness the acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also of acts of grace and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look in this room to people who have achieved or they're going to get -- remarkable levels of success I'd like to remind you this: Don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give you now.
They serve food in a dining board, they clean a neighborhood park.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save somebody's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's lives.
So they train the game. They save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Bebachtors: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a big fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1884 with a very simple idea: cement modules that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us, as buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947 to LED he came up with this.
It was called an automatic assembly laptop.
And in a few years, LGB bricks came to all the home.
It's estimated that they have made more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges or buildings or homes.
LED made it accessible.
LED just adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and it turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announcement, the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic bricks stacked up with each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allows you to create a much bigger and more complex circuits -- a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference, the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing engineers into the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing climates.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Little these are electronic modules each of them with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is that they get together through images.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the cover, the blue is the current, the pink is the input and the orange color is the wire.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green and very quickly, you can begin to make bigger circumstances.
A blue with one green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and we have a regulator.
If we change the button by a pulse cord, which is here, and now we have an interesting light.
We added this tomber to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, the clicks are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and sold, the little bits allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To get faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind the collectives is that it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world to be reduced to bricks ready to use.
Lights, sound, solar panels -- everything must be accessible.
We've given the kids to see them playing with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a light of night, or why the door of an elevator keeps it open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also taken the design schools.
So for example, designers without experience some electronics start playing with the clicks as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and strands, we have George creating George.
(Muslim sound --  ago a few weeks ago, we took the designer of the Rhode Island design school designers who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard and wood and paper and said, "Make something done.
Here's an example of a project that have made a convenient confidence for movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a range made of plastic that is afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, the churches became another material, the electronics became another material.
And we want this material to reach all of them.
So the clicks has open code.
You can visit the website, download all of the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is our own.
So go ahead and invent.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company sought to engage with the environment.
The collaborative collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Mmm. Wait for a moment.
You can download a little bit in carried.
We can -- we can continue to better leave the video on one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, already my time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything you are supposed to do, and we asked them to work in government.
The initiative was called "Come America and they would be like a few Percent Peace Books.
We selected some members every year and we put them to work with the mutually.
Instead of sending them into Third World we send them to the wild municipal world.
They made great applications -- they worked with municipal employees.
Your task is to show the possibilities of today's technology.
They know Alar.
This is a kindergarten of Boston City.
This is what it looks like if I look for a date, but what really looks for is that someone clean it when they're trapped by the snow because it knows it's not very good at getting fires when it's covered for a meter of snow.
How did it come to ask this simple way?
Last year, we had a team of Coast for America.
They were there in February, and at that moment I had a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these hydrogens.
But one of the members called Erik Michael noticed something else: that citizens cleaned up with palesters right in front of them.
So it did like any good programmer, it developed an application.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrogen.
You accept cleaning it when you go up.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case, put it up.
If you don't do it, someone can tear it.
I mean, you have a playful component of it.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 scheduled applications last year.
But it does something that no other technology of the government is doing.
And it extends viral form.
A system responsible for the city of Honor to see this app realized that he could use it, not for the snow, but for citizens adopted seat sensors.
It's very important that these tsunami sensors work, but people are stealing the batteries.
So he asked the citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens clear the devices off.
And Chicago just released it to get people to record to clean sidewalks when they snow.
So now we know about nine cities who plan to use it.
And this has spread without Africa, in a natural and natural way.
If you know a little bit of government technology you will know that this doesn't happen.
The software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that we had done for normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the court power of California that until the moment has spent 2,000 million dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of government.
So an app that is programmed in a couple of days and spread in viral form is a luck of warning to the institution of government.
It suggests the better way of working, not like in private companies, like many people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather like the Internet.
I mean, without restrictions in an open and general way.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way to address the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an anthropological institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only Court for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given to the government.
They feel a great frustration in front of that, but they don't complain and fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost from view.
And that is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the line at the DNA -- and all of those other things that give us crazy -- the government is essentially in Tim Lireback, what we do together because we don't just can."
Now, many people have left government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to reward it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change. government.
And because the government ultimately gets out of us -- remember that from "We the people: The way to think about it will affect how to produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that government was going to choose people to make the charges.
Well, after two years I have come to the conclusion that government is mostly about surrounds.
This is the center of telephone attention of services and information.
This is the place that calls the calls if you mark 311 in America.
Scott was called this call.
Internet Bruery in the base of official knowledge.
I found nothing. It started with animal control.
And he finally said, "Hey, you can open the doors in the house, put very strong music and see if you go?
And it worked. So for Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the surfaces.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and web and mobile phone called Cities Connecticut."
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very smart people in the New York Medical Mechanical Mechanical Mechanical Mechanical.
One day, this happened really -- this asking me, "Britte in my trash cube -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to scream?
The Citizen Connectic dynamics is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Citizens Connecticut everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I approached the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Barry? Yes. Live? Yes.
I went back home. I went home.
Good evening, fresh surface."
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of digital and physical stuff.
And it's also a great example of the government income to the distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technology definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to help and help others.
So, a citizen helped another but here the government had a key role.
He connected two people.
And it might have connected them to the government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we strengthen communities.
If we call animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but they think one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope that government reflects our values and satisfying our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That is because government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 feet.
Below is what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of description.
But it is that description that keeps us that is that we finance as something that operates in our against -- that other thing, and we are losing the power.
People believe that politics is sensory.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That makes the Operhank movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens who have written a very detailed report of 32 pages in response to the request of the Finish "Space -- on the financial reform project.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us who have been asked to the government, it's time we ask ourselves what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we will get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all?
We can't wait for government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of government so that it can expand to strengthen civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet, and he knows it's not so hard to act manipulated, just to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I, to regions, I'm a larger generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about who they're all going to talk about.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time, and they do.
So when you face the government problem you don't care about making their voices heard.
They're using their hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the government work.
And those applications allow us to use hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning a hydrogen, taking weeds away, making a garbage cube that has a stranger inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrants and many people do it.
But these applications are as digital reminder that we're not only consumers, not only are we government consumers that we pay taxes and get services.
We are more than that, we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the citizen.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will be a volume of voices, or will we be a hand-to-one hand?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and the death of death.
I've spent most of my life in married communities and projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'll be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that are said here are impact around the world.
In occasions, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have any other way.
I mean, I think identity is really important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if they teach with feeling, they can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, but if it's a carbon, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a matrix, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, it had power.
It was the last word in the entire family.
She started a lot of the dictionaries in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slavery.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1840.
She was born about 1880 and his experience with slavery confronted the way the world.
She was hard, but it was also loving.
When I was a little little and I looked at her, she was approaching me and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I jumped out.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and he came up to me and said, "Wow, do you still feel my air?
And if I said no, he would grab me again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
He had this human quality that I would always want to be near her.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the age of 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight, nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went to the room and there were all my cousins running on.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it and smiled, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she got up, and he got up the room, and he said, "You see Britain. The two are going to be converged."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and said, "Worker, I'll tell you something, but you can't say to anyone.
I said, "It's okay, Mama."
She said, "Now I'm sure you won't will." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, he looked at me and said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you."
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise three things, Brenta."
I said, "Sorry, Mama."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise is you always want your mother."
Audience: She is my daughter, and you have to promise that I always care about it."
As I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mom, so I will."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise is you always do the right thing -- although the right thing is the time?
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mom, so I will."
Then, finally, he said, "The third thing I want you to promise is that you will never drink alcohol."
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mom, so I will."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, I have a brother a year older and a sister a year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a six beers, I don't know where I took them, I grabbed my sister and I went to the forest.
We barely got to make the crazy ones.
He took a beer sun, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. It's okay. You follow it, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today I do. And you always do the same thing as us.
I took something, your sister as well. Take a beer.
I said, "No." I wouldn't feel good. You can follow.
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What's going on? Take a beer.
He looked at me with strength and goes, "Oh, I'm not going to be thinking about the conversation with Mama."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mamaste tells all the grandchildren that are special.
I was displayed.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know this is going to be almost distributed.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say that it's a virtual. I say it for the power that identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to the others that really don't look like.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe being able to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of their grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been rewarded during the protection.
My uncles died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that we had to get on with her, and we had to commit them.
Now, trying to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
We have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in everyday freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has changed our world.
In poor communities, you find so much destination, so much despair.
One in three black black between 18 and 30 years is in prison or conditioning freedom.
In urban communities across the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington, 50 to 60 percent of all color young people are in jail or conditioning freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that is really much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilty, but wealth.
And we seem to feel very quiet.
The politics of fear and furniture makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We are decorated.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work in some good curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, they are private in rights forever, if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of waste loss will be as elevated as it was before the law of the right to the vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where it feels 13 to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for children, no possibility of coming out.
Right now we are in process of some litigations.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the death of death.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
So in a sense, they've been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve dying for the crimes of communication?
Very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we're in our identity.
There is another way of looking at it, it's not about deciding if people deserve to die for the crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
In every nine people executed -- it's identified one that's innocent that it's expected and released from the death of death.
A rare rate, amazing.
This is interesting.
In aviation you wouldn't allow you to never be able to paint airplanes if every nine you would go, you would be started.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I'm talking about race and this issue of whether we need to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students on African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the rebuilding and it lasted to World War II.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid to be linked.
They care about being bomber.
The threat of the terror was what he defined their lives.
Now there are older people who come to me and say, "Mr. Stevenson, you tell talks -- makes speech. Tell people you stop saying that in our history we were dealing with terrorism, after 1916.
They ask me to say, "No, say we grew up with that."
The era of terrorism, obviously, with the segregation and decades of racial and separation organization.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us work to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that they couldn't overcome racial segregation without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving lectures about death penalty conference.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's okay to listen to what you say.
Audience: We don't have death row in Germany.
We will never be able to have it here."
The room stayed in silence and a lady said, "There is no way with our story, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and delicious, we put people to exercise."
Consider about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would run to people, especially if they were in their fair Jews?
We could not tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there's this disconnect there.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really care about these very difficult issues, positive and wonderful things are, though, impossible.
We love innovation.
It fascinates technology. We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are unfortunate by suffering, abuse, degradation, marginality.
In my opinion, you need to integrate both things.
We last talk about the need to have more hope, more commitment, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking about the poor, the fingers, the ones that will never come to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that is inside our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
That's how we are, despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
The development comes not just from brain ideas.
These things come from final ideas also by heart conversations.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to not only how bright and unfortunately, but also in the dark and the hard.
Valcon Happy, the great child leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering, we wanted all sorts of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, orientation for the spirit -- a willingness to be in places of despair and being textured."
Well, that orientation for the spirit is practically in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, it must be embedded.
There is no disconnect related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion to inequality.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
So let's find them.
I had the great privilege, being a young lawyer -- to meet Rosa Parks to meet Rosa Park.
These women get together just to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Carl called me to say, "Worker, come the lady Parks -- we're going to get together to speak.
Do you want to come and listen to it?
I said, "Yes." I want to do."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come from?
I said, "You hear it."
So I went and just listened to them.
It was really strong, very light.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks went to me and he said, "No, Britan, let me be that idea of equality.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been considered unconsciously.
We tried to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We tried to end up with the sentences of life, without parole.
We tried to do something about death penalty thing.
We tried to reduce the population in jail.
We tried to end mass cartoons."
I gave him all my best speech, and I ended up looking at me and said, "I am Mumbai meme meme."
And he said, "I'm going to be all sentenced, very long."
At that time, Ms. Carl leaned up, put my finger on my face and said, "That's why you have to be very very value."
I think that actually the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find a way to tackle those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each one of us is top of the worst thing we have made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie. It's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to it, it's not that it's a language.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it's an astronomer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also think that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's not.
I really think that in many parts of the poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very distant, very stimulative, we are not judge by our technology, by our design, not for our intellectual or rational capacity.
In the end, you judge the character of a society, not by the way they treat rich and powerful and privilege, but by the way they treat the poor, the condoms, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we started to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
And I feel being being a bit by biodiversity. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I get tired, like everyone.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sentenced with a lot of sleep.
I go to jail and I see my 13-year-old customers and 14 years old, who have been available to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone in what's not it?
The judge had been supported as an adult, but I see a child.
A very late night I was thinking, by God, if the judge can become something you don't are, it must have magical powers.
Yeah, Britain, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask something about that.
As I was very late, I couldn't think correctly, but I started working in a motivation.
I had a 14 year-old client -- a little bit, poor, black.
I started working in the most, with a deception that said, "Movement so that my 14th year-old client is treated as a private blood of 75 years, executive of a corporation."
In the location I put it up in the machine, in the behavior behavior and in the process.
There was a piece of line on how this country in this country is not ethical but a whole lack of ethics in this country.
In the next morning, I woke up thinking that intense location would be a dream, or really wrote it?
For my horror, I didn't just have cut it, but I had sent it to the cut.
About two months ago, I had already forgotten it.
And I finally decided, "Oh God, I have to go to the cut for this stupid case.
I joined the car and felt really lovely, abused.
I went in the car to the court.
I thought this would be very difficult and beautiful.
I finally got out of the car. He walked to court.
I was climbing the stairs when I found a senior black man -- it was the advice of the court.
When he saw me, he came up to me and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer." He said, "Is you language? I said yes.
So I got stuck and hug me.
And I whispered in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was serious.
That was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
You know, the judge saw me.
He said, "Mr. Steven, you wrote this stage mountain?
I said, "Be Mr. I was me." And we started discussing it.
People started coming out. They were all indicated.
I was the one who had written those crazy.
The cops came up with the police seats associated, the auditoriums.
Suddenly without knowing how, the room was full of people -- all of us strangers because we talked about races, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the eye of the eye I got to see the thought that I went and came.
He looked down the window and he used to hear all that crowd.
She kept walking up here and there.
Finally, this old black face, I walked into the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a recession.
During the break, an assistant.
The assistant.
And he said, "My Jimmy, what do you do in the audience room.
And the old black stood up, looked at the assistant. He looked at me and said, "I go into this audience room to tell this young man who keeps his view in the target with fire."
I've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large, but it folds into justice.
That we can't really be really human evolved if we don't worry about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is tied to each other.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity should link to fragile, compassion and justice.
And above all, to those of you who share this, I just want to tell you that keep the view in the goal with fire.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, of this community, to help in your purposes of doing something.
Something that's not a conference. What can we do?
BF: There are several close opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a reference to this spring in which an effort will be able to manage the funds that are spent today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, they're going to spend a billion dollars in death penalty in the next five years.
And despite this, 46 percent of the cases of homosexuals don't include arms.
Fifty percent of rapes don't get to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This reference is going to propose that these funds are destroyed to make the law, to security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, it says it has to do with the greatest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who think that's this?
BF: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The big growth in mass incarceration in this country is not about violence.
It's the wrong war against drugs.
That's why it comes up with this dramatic increase in the prison population.
And we let them convince us for punishment rhetoric.
We have three legal causes to bring people to perpetual chain, to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against property instead of making those resources back to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy of punishment doesn't do anything for anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brus, you've been excited about today here.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Local Lockey: They grow the threats by Bin Laden's death.
Lock 2, Hamburger in Somalia, Lockey 3: The police throwing O.C. spray gas.
Locked four: Cartesian cartes. Voice 5: Market cross.
Locked six, social Decembert. Local 75,000 dead.
Lock 8: Locket of tsunami -- Locken Nike, Christians.
A lot of localists, the narrative of the narrative. massive destruction. There.
Remember, Bangalore. The end -- Egypt. Egypt. Eighty.
Creative. Death. disaster.
Oh, my God!
Peter Daniel: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months -- they could probably be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that press media prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention to them.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of each day, our senses get much more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters more than survive, the first couple of all of that data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called ambition.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
It was ordered and recorded all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So for a dozen stories we will prefer to look at negative.
That old adage of the press, "If there is blood, sell, is very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news to the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we are pessimistic.
It doesn't surprise people think that the world goes from wrong in worse.
But maybe it's not.
Maybe, instead, what really happens is we get distances.
Maybe the enormous progress done in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems, climate change, the extinction of species, the scarcity of water and energy -- we certainly have them.
As human beings, we are very good at embracing problems, and on the long time, we end up with them.
We looked at what happened in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life has been more than doubled -- average income per capita by inflation has been tripled around the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, electricity and transportation and communications has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy spent 25 percent to over 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to put higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today, in the United States, a lot of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators television, mobile pieces, air conditioning and cars.
The brown machines of the past century, the projects of the planet, would never have dreamed of with such luxury.
By supporting a lot of this is technology and last, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that has led to information technology jumped in this curve, Moore's Law and doubled the price of price in about 12 to 24 months.
That's why the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a 70-year-old supercomputer.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law over the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, the soft thing that is -- in good and bad times, in the war and in peace, in reception, in depression and in a passenger.
It's the result of fast computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop any of the big challenges.
And even though it's gradually grateful in a law on the left, it becomes currently up.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly fast.
And in this curve, by the monopoly of Moore's Law, there are a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we tell today.
The cloud in the cloud, that my friends in Australia call infinite computing and sensors and networks, the robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology -- the symbolic biology, the fuels, the factories and the food, the digital medicine, the national medicine, the national medicine, the nations and the food.
I mean, how many saw the victory in Japanese of Watson, from IBM?
It was picture.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline that I would have.
And I loved this: Watson beat human opposites?
Japanese is not an easy game.
It plays with the mathematics of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the cell phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Silicon University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service, which can possibly affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sounded absurd.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for each of the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that which is scarce and back to it.
You see, the scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story from National East 1980s.
He's the guy on the left.
He invited the king of Simon.
National troops ate with plate covers, and the same National, with gold covers.
But the king of Simon, ate with aluminum currenches.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, which is more than the gold and the dish.
That's why the tip of the memorial to Washington is limitation.
You see, even though aluminum is 98 percent of the mass of the Earth, it doesn't come as a pure metal.
It's linked by oxygen and silicon.
But then the electron came and made the aluminum so cheap that we use it as if it was definitely.
We project this analogy towards the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet bathed for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to Earth 16 power engines every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarcer, but accessible.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generator of generator, 8,000 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, the solar electricity will cost six cents a hour compared to the 15 cents of national average.
And if we have energy abundance we also have water abundance too.
Let's talk about wars in water.
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed up the Voyager Space Standard on the Earth, in 1990, after Saturn?
He took a famous picture. How did it be called?
"A pale blue point."
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered 70 percent per water.
Yes, 95 percent is salt water, two percent is ice, and we fought for about percent of the water on the planet, but also there is a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
The nanotechnology comes, the nanometers.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovations of the broccoli -- I'd like to share with you, he gave me permission to do -- his technology called Singering -- maybe you know it, it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate 1,000 liters of drinking water on the day of any source -- salt water, contaminated water, a leadership -- for less than two cents a gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola had just agreed to do an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that goes well, and I have full confidence that this is, Coca-Cola will implement it globally in 200 countries on the planet.
This is a powerful innovation that exists to this technology.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
Oh my God, we're going to reach 70 percent of the mobile phones in the developing world at the end of 2013.
Think about it, that massive warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And so with a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information abundance and communications that nobody could have predicted before.
But better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- GPS video, video images, images, biologists and music, medical diagnostic technology -- now they distribute and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes up with the health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Cambridge Foundation, something called the X Christopher Packary Prize, 10 million dollars.
We are challenging the teams of the world so that they combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they talk about, and because he has A.I. can take, you can get blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the mortality charge is 25 percent and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence is a virus of RNA or DNA that doesn't recognize -- call the health care and ultimately avoid the pandemic happening.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billion increasing.
The white lines here are the population.
We had just spent the seven billion brand.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to empower the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, going from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds never before you add into the global conversation.
What would these people?
What will you do? What wish will they have?
And instead of economic collapse, we will have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And they'll get more health thanks to the Tricerator, from a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printers and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we provide three billion more members of humanity, healthy and productive members.
How about a few voices never before you?
What if we give the opposites, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and being able to act for the first time?
What will these three billion do?
What if they're contributions that we can't predict it?
Something I learned with the X Prize is that small teams -- guided by their passion with a clear goal, they can do extraordinary things that they could only do the big corporations and the governments.
I'm going to finish by sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you already know.
It's called Folder.
He came up at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein.
The folds determine the structure and the functionality.
It's a very important thing in medical research.
And so far, it was a supercomputer problem.
They've played with this college professors, among others.
And then hundreds of thousands of people joined and started playing it.
And it's been shown that the machinery recognition machinery is better folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, which gives me a huge confidence in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the bacteria innovation.
We have the capital of the technology.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the correction of the site.
And as the idea can be explained in a minute, I will give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1833.
You might believe that I would pursue piano, but it wasn't like that.
It actually rewards fish.
And he described one of them as very common.
It was the best.
I did it a lot until the 1880s.
Now the fish is on the Red Riot of UC.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is that we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're pressure.
The flowers still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept, the shifting of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could get in.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The lap was surrounded with palm parallels, and as you can see, from some mangrove markets.
There were about 20 inches -- a black bar that was back.
And the fish of this thylacine was very abundant and was going on for a good moment, so he won more than the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the number of fish had declined half a half.
They moved at five inches long.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they still were happy.
And the fish still were happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was complicated in the introduction of spring fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I started in the 1960s -- Europe did a lot of development projects.
Fish development was supposed to impose the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen to impose the industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly, was called the Museum four.
I went out to fish on it, and we did studies in the south of the Marine China and, especially at the Marshall Sea.
What we captured was an amazing thing.
We captured -- I know the sea bottom.
90 percent of what we captured were specific, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most of the fish are sort of tiny blobs about a few, the remains that are coral reef fish.
In short, the sea bottom came to the cover and then it was thrown up.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then you start the commercial fishing.
The background is going to be a solid background of soft coral, in this case, to be a local.
This is a dead turtles.
They didn't eat them. They were discovered because they were dead.
We once captured a alive.
I was still not drowned yet.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what you pick up with the fishermen every time you go to a zone where you have never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point, to the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this something like this.
On the axis and we have good things, biodiversity, number of origins, the service of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images of their conscious life as normal, and it will extrapolate it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the range of changes.
And at the end of keeping some miserable remains.
And that, in large measure, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer -- or they're not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predator societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to a few generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal which is very abundant before you get extinct -- it's kind of far.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose animals very often.
Even if this is not perceived as a great loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become very often because we fish.
Over time there are few fish, but we think that's the point of stop.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they would expect to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of them present -- as you can capture such as a lot of a fish in this area you can't use or usually don't use the fish scientists, because it's not scientific.
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in built societies, because they don't rely on the sources of the past.
Hence the enormous role that can make a protected marine area.
Because with the protected marine areas, we really remember the past.
We get the past that people can't be able to conceive because the point of party has been running and it's extremely low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine area, and they can benefit from the vision that they provide -- which allows them to erase their point of stone.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access as people in the Middle West, for example?
And I think that the arts and cinema can probably fill the vacuum. The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Chain Bay simulation.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in Chesion Bay -- 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that the mathematics and the tourists are like "Garbachina.
And if you think about "Garbache," if you think about why people were moving with the film -- without talking about the story of Cokes, why would you be moving with the images?
Because it drives something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one who will give, is Cameron, making "All "The Indian "Indian underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Alask, the YouTube trend manager -- and I look at YouTube videos in professional form.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why videos become viral and what important that is.
We all want to be stars, celebrities, singing, communities. When I was younger, that seemed something very, very hard.
But today the web video makes any of us, or our actions, copper in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can make us famous on the Internet in a sea.
More than 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, only a little percentage becomes viral -- it gets a vision of vision and gains cultural momentum.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends of trends and participation communities and surprise factor.
Well, let's start.
Beau Valentia: Oh my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Home, water."
KA: Last year, Pearl Spanch published this video filmed outside his house in the National Park.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the replacements in the popular summer of the past summer.
Beauty is not going to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if it's called Opener Mountain Beatle.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy King.
Jimmy Kims published this tunnel that would catch the video to the popularity video.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kinsens introduce us to new and interesting things and they spread them into a wider audience.
Rebecca Black:  It's Friday --  -- you have to start Friday --   Everybody wants me to get the weekend.    You all want me to get the weekend.   Friday Friday, Mr. Fried, starting Friday --  KA: You won't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Vietnam Blackberry Vietnam is one of the most popular videos of the year.
You saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency frequency.
Like "Ir Armed Armed Dutch, this video seemed to have emerged from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask about those other peak, they're also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular flies?
Well, the Tori took Toronto, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson from Mystered Science Theater was one of the first people in making a joke on the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of trends of trends take a view of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about it and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 pairs of Vietnamese in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each of the other days.
Unlike conventional entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon by the display or doing something new with that.
"Namel Case: It's a repetitive animation with a courageous music.
That's it, that's it.
This year was about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know there's a three hours version that has been seen four million times.
Until the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats watching the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that I woke up between the Internet community community.
There were removes.
Somebody made a version of the old one.
And then it was internationally.
Suddenly, it came up with a whole community of regret that made this happen to be a silly joke to something that we can all form part of.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Arabic sales or Reflection Black or "Nature's Chain?
What would it have been written to have written this situation?
In a world where two days of video come up with a minute, only that really unique and unexpected thing can destroy the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to do this great video of a guy that protests against the crowds in New York, I admit that I didn't get too interested in it.
Casey Story: I was frustrated by biomass by biomass, but there are often obstacles that prevent you to circle properly by the biomass.
KA: Thank you the surprise effect and his humor, Casey Nike managed to get five million to see and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new things that we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beau Valentia: What does this mean?
Oh.
KA: What does this mean?
Treaty creators, creative communities of participation -- completely unexpected, are characteristics of a new kind of media, from a new culture, to which we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity in.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities of the world, Justin Beardroome, started in YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little owners of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media -- they are barely the media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still standing up.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece -- a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a delivery, a man whose entire life had supported in the only unit of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine as the communities go into Santa, facing the fact that their life had been totally vanity.
The words, for so long friends, now throw it up.
It was refugee in silence.
He died for the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in the vanus, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to get off, but we supported.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when you walk down silent to the sea.
My mother, Mah, had only 18 years when his father died, and a concern marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had gone down to a task alone, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was unexpected for her that I couldn't do it.
And then from a four years old, it challenges the fiction, a boat disappeared to the shadow of fishing ship.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pirate and rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a free free.
If they captured us, first we would take it my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rate of the engine, the punch supporting in every wave and the vast and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirates that came several times, but they were fooled with the value of men in our boat, or the engine dying and not being able to get six hours.
But I do remember the lights of oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to finish the journey was too much for him, and the first apple that I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had after the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we went to Mellon.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations, shaping a new life together.
We set up in Pottern, a kind of classroom sub-side subtle whose population is composed of immigrants as well.
Unlike the middle class suburbs, whose existence I unknown, in Pottern, had no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the stores were the rest of the world.
And the fragments of controlled English were being traded between people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then on a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
But still, I found time to study English and get a title on IT technology.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned and established an extra tumor in English and mathematics, no matter what was supposed to be taken, which was generally new clothes, always a second hand.
Two media pairs for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the grandchildren, because I had to last six years.
And there were strangers and painful eyes on the "company "self-empowerment: and some graffiti -- Asians, come home.
home? Where?
Something in me was surrounded.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to support you."
My mother, my sister and I slept on the same bed.
My mother was exhausted every night, but we got on our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered threes, all of the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then studied to be static and open another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition and angry, and the kids brought together between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and patterns.
It was created centers and created.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, implemented with what he sued from myself.
In the other, I was imprisoned in precise lives, tragic translated by violence, and drug abuse and isolation.
But many of them got help over the years.
And by that work, when I studied my last year of lawyer, I was elected by the young Australian young year.
And I was catched from a piece of puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit out.
And so I was so really residential of Pottern Renderline, and it was now so But I was so refugee and social activist, invited to speak in places I had never heard of, and at home whose existence she had never imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the currenches.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go to the routine and the comfort of life in a sub-Saharan suburban, a grandmother, a mother and two daughters ending the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling about the day of each and getting asleep, three still on the same bed.
And I told my mom who couldn't do it.
It reminded me that I had now the same age that she had when we got to the boat.
He had never been an option.
"Did, he said, "You don't know what you don't know."
So I talked about juvenile devastation and education and determination to the marginalized and the deserts.
And the more frankly talking, the more it was chosen to speak.
I met people from all the roads of life, many of them doing what they loved.
And although I finished my literature, I realized that I couldn't stay in a lawyer race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be an unknown one, a new arrived, new on the scene -- and not only is it good, but it's something that I'm going to be grateful, maybe a garbage of the boat.
Because being inside can easily mean to collect the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your province.
I gave enough steps outside of my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world is destroyed, but not the way we fear.
possibilities that were not allowed to be allowed to be surprised.
There was an energy there, an impossible optimism -- a rare mix of humility and courage.
So I followed my intuition.
And I put a little group of people who the slogan can't do was an irresistible challenge.
For a year, we didn't have a cents.
At the end of every day, he made a giant supply of soup that we all share.
We worked all the way up at night.
Most of our ideas were crazy but some brilliant ones, and we opened on a walk.
It made the decision to move the U.S.
After a single journey.
My heart again.
Three months later, I had moved in, and the adventure kept on.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where the confusion was social norm and Manhattan was the person that mattered it.
Life hadn't changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother was raised alone.
The 17 became a conclusion of a Manhattan whose mother beat it.
No support of his husband, he caused a revolution to sue it and bring the cause herself and much more reverse than you win.
He can't make it wrong.
I was in the shower of a hotel in Sydney when she died, at 1,000 miles in Mellon.
I looked through the shower afternoon, and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to wake up.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Pottern and sat around his attack.
We tell him stories and we made sure we were still with her.
At night, a monkey came and told us that he had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel their hand.
I asked the monkey, "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold?
"Because you've taken your hand from the morning, he said.
"You haven't sold it."
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Since we were and how life formed us, we can now see that men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have been easily connected.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could want that for you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a proposal in their lives, supporting value in every wave -- the constant pace of the engine, the horizontal vast that doesn't guarantee nothing?
I don't know.
But if I could give it to you and look at it, I would do it.
Tribe Nellusan, and also the mother of Latry is today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Ramari about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the naked Muslim Ali.
We were conversation about how nothing has changed since the old Indian epidemic "The Marine."
In those days when Indians wanted to travel on a car and we suffered the sky.
We now do it with airplanes.
At that time when I was and when I was the great Indian warrior principle, he had silk, he took a bow and with a flow to the ground, he got water.
We now do the same with the cards and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced the magic.
And that was a lot of me.
Every time I felt a little bit more technology.
I was terrified this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a lawyer if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't take my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not to kill it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me her local pocket classroom.
And this technology piece of 50 years was for my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images and pirate and nanotechnology in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile clarses, luxury clocks and cameras prevent us to go.
They face our inspiration.
So I launched me to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
I illustrate books since the age of 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect to the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we took the book.
Where are we going.
The text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The narrative becomes increasingly multiplication.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Kyoto, an interactive app for iPad.
He says, "I put your fingers on every light."
And so --  says, "This box belongs to -- I write my name.
And so I get a character from the book.
At several times I get a score -- the iPod knows where you live to the GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl was excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magic and dragons, but to that childhood magic to those ideas that we were looking at children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always turned out to me.
So over here, we have to tilt the iPad.
And they really light your way into what the rest of the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated by a girl was that a whole galaxy is going to be a ball in a ball.
So here, every book and every world is transformed into a ball that I drag into this magic device, within the device.
And this opens a map.
In all the fantasy books there have always been maps, but they have been static maps.
This is a map that grows up, full and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book as well.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another incredibly important aspect for me is to create Indian content and the contemporary time.
These are the airplanes.
We've all heard about the days and the news, but how many people outside India know their Indian counters, the passwords?
These poor airplanes have been trapped in the cameras of India for millennia, in an old and medical book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that is treating current issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked up, attached to their PC -- they haven't gone out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can pull our children into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out to the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images from different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections: stars, rocks and shells and cookies.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to recover this childhood ritual you've got to go out, and in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So you create a digital picture of pictures that then can be put on the Web.
A boy from London puts a picture of a dream and says, "Oh, today I saw a crack."
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And it creates this social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taking.
Inside the connections between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we are able to have an interaction where you go out with the iPod and the video ended up and through the fact that you see that you see a group of animated doubts that appear on the interior plants in the house.
At a moment, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and put them up to be able to read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where nature forces are intertwined with technology and magic and technology come close to each other.
We harness the energy of the sun.
We are approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic and joy and loving child that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of sugar projects failed.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the University Radio was to make a director of the listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she threw a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and known, what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we used to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what everybody is, or maybe not all, but most of the sugar projects, failure, because we stopped listening.
This is my Wikipedia book. It's a very simple thing.
It has a piece of line and off.
Every morning I get up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 Z.
But it's so simple, every time I connect me, send my information to Google Health.
And my head doctor has access to him. So he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time when it needs cardiac assistance or some urgency of that style, but to see it backwards.
But there's something else.
As some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect to my Wikipedia book and before I went up to my car, people start talking to me, Lucifer, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week to be available.
This little bathroom connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people might be able to take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they are going to recover control and to be captain of their own boat, but also it can help us care of health care because of the challenges that we face, as the chair of the cost of medical attention, the double of demand and other issues.
To do techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like this, but also by criticized.
And one of the things we did want to share with you with you with a video.
We all have navigation controls in cars.
Maybe even we have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the car boxes are in Matrix.
Also where all the gas is.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the closest DSA to help this patient?
We ask, but nobody knew it.
Nobody knew where to get the SETI saved lives right now.
What we did was we did college in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to say, "You know, you see a DNA, please get it, and when it's open, because sometimes they open up in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DES already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the app for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Lake, augmented reality, to find these DNA.
And every time you are in the city of Macinth and someone collapse, you can use your iPhone, and the next weeks will use their Microsoft cell phone to find the nearest DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to present this one, not just like DARPA, which is the name of the product, but also as DNA.
And we would want to start on the world level.
We're taking all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act like a center for the college of the DARPA around the world.
Every time you are on vacation and someone collapse it can be a patient or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
You might be services of message or phone people, for example, to see if the DARPA is shown is still in its place.
Please stand in this and not just improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it photograph?
Because, of course, they're pictures that can't take with their cameras.
My interest in photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
He mixed with my passion before the drawing but it was a little bit different, because by using the camera the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends when you press your pulse.
For me, photography had more to be in the right place at the right time.
It seemed like anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the pulse.
Pictures like this, a building on a very transportable road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite that, it keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful at once but with the common goal of keeping the reality level.
And when I say reality I say strangers.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want it to have been captured in some way as a photograph.
Pictures where you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea than to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Are the details or the colors?
Does it make the light?
What creates illusion.
Sometimes the illusion is perspective.
But in the end, it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality in which we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imagined objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way you can create something that still seems three-dimensional as if it exists.
But at the same time, we know that it doesn't exist.
So let's take the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining the pictures.
It's really about combining different realities.
And the things that make a picture seem really realistic -- I think they're those where we don't even think, the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But by combining pictures is very important to consider it, because otherwise something will look bad.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will follow to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Secondly, the pictures combined must have the same kind of light.
And these two images came with these requirements -- they were taken at the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to be impossible to distinguish the principle and end of different images with a perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is made.
This is another example.
You might think this is the image of a landscape, and the bottom is manipulated.
But this picture is completely composed by photographs of different places.
And I think it's easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought about this idea in winter, I knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the pieces of puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured on a fishing trip.
The costs are a different location.
The sub-Saharan part was captured in a stone point.
And yes, I even did red the top of the top of the island so that it seems more super.
So to make a realistic result, I think it takes planning.
You always start with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the outcome can be very beautiful, and at a very realistic time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing you a slide about technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it up.
It's a diagram anybody who took from a folder.
I'm not so interested in showing you the details, but the general aspect of it.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of RISD microbes versus the power of local areas.
The interesting thing about this is that this one, as many other people we tend to see, is kind of a straight line on logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
Talk about security curves is a new thing.
This is a strange thing.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please get the lights on.
I would need more intensity because writing on paper.
Why do we draw technological curves in logarithmic scale?
The answer is that if you draw them into a normal curve in which we say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of technology that I'd like to grappy, the diagram would look something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if a graph, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a sexual curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it takes a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology would move as fast as microbes, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that pace.
There is no precedent in the history of technology development that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to plant is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't get forever.
You can't hold this change as fast as it goes.
It's going to happen one of two things.
Or it's going to become a typical curve -- I know like this until I run something completely different, or maybe do something like that.
That's everything that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
From being like that, we would now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line we're in a transition of what the world used to be, in a new way.
So what I try to ask, and ask myself, is that new way that the world is going to be taken?
What new state is the world doing?
The transition seems very, very confused if we're embedded in it.
I remember a child in the year 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been been concerned, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years ago because everything is going to be so different than to extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how that transition could be that we experience.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer technology.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at the long-term things.
The time scale I would like to do that is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we gave up about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a big sterile rock with many chemicals that float around it.
If we look at the way those chemicals are organized -- we give a sense of how things happen.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is that, at that time, he had floating an oil droplet with all sorts of chemical recipes in his inside.
Some of those oil drops contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate the outside materials and the droplets grew up.
And they started to split.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil droplet potatoes.
But those droplets were not alive in the current sense, because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they divide they were doing an unequal distribution of the chemicals that contain it.
So every drop was a little different.
In fact, the droplets that were somehow diagnosed by being better at the time of incorporating the surrounding chemicals -- they grew more, they built more chemicals and they divide more.
They generally lived longer, they were more represented in.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these droplets learned the trick.
In some way we don't understand these droplets learned to store information.
They learned to save information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they were involved in this meaningless evolution -- a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to be able to replicate with.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to be stable since it evolved 250 million years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun. Now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 microbes of white dust that I try to hide the security people of the airport.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this default DNA and put it 10 to the 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have many for all the present -- in fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If it was a plant, he would have put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things were very different, and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information by forming the cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
That way, for example, evolved antibiotic resistance.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and put them down to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are many residents to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave us a community that would form communities that were together, and they set up a synergy.
And so you survive or fail together, or whether a community was very successful all of the individuals in that community were going to replicate more and were favoring for evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities got so close that, in fact, they came together and decided to write all the recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And on that stage we have molecular communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
We are a multinational community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscle cell, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to abstract information.
And to build very special structures that they didn't do more than process information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being the responsible structures of recording, understanding and transmitted information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not in evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learn to not eat some fruits because he knew bad and sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years for the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system builds those structures of information to enormously accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in the time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea a vague idea, in your head.
I'm sitting here by making a little bit of fun, and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confusing, in your heads that I would hold some analogy with my own.
But we took something very complicated to turn it into sound, in sound sequences. And we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start to work like an organism.
In fact, as humanity, we've started to do abstractions.
Now we spend similar periods to multicellular organisms, we abstract our region methods, presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a small step in that direction.
The telephone, the computer, the video tape, the CO2, and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now built to handle that information.
And that puts us into something much larger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microbes.
You saw the evolutionary example of Test in which I produced a certain evolution with the Bruce program before our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of history that I told you took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The following, language etc., took less than a million years.
And the next ones, like electronics, seems to take only a few decades.
The process is being really beautifully -- I guess current is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we look at in this explosion of the curve.
We see the process feeds.
But I won my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms I work to design them would not be possible without the recent computer advances.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible to me in a conventional way.
I don't know that every transistor is on that machine of connections.
There are billions of million.
Instead, with the designers of This Machie Machies, we think about a level of abstraction, we put it on the machine and the machine with that does something that you could not get before you couldn't get much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes we make methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately is evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microbes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from an artificial sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please computer, can you run a hundred million instructions of instructions?
Could you run these sequences of instructions to random, run all those programs, and take those who are more approaching what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that get closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random settings of instructions. Number numbers, so none of them did it.
But one, luckily, could get two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the task?
We want those and we eliminate the rest.
And now we reproduce those who best ordered the numbers.
And we went back to reproduce it following a recording process of a sex recorder.
Let's take two programs, which are going to get children, that exchange substances, and kids will inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs produced from the combinations of programs that had a little more success.
And we say, "Please repeat the process."
It's California again.
It puts some mutations in.
And it tries again and it comes to another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs in absolutely perfect numbers.
In fact, they're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark programs, strangers.
But they turn the comet.
In fact, yes, I have the security that they achieve the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs who did.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
I once went in a 747 with Marie Ministers and he pulled a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of particles working together to offer a safe flight, doesn't make you feel character?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to do well different design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the whole choices that there is.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so we can run these programs much more quickly.
It is, it's feedback.
The thing goes faster and so I think it looks like so hard.
Because all these technologies are being feedback.
We're getting off.
And we're at a moment that we are at a moment in the school organisms when they became multiple.
We are the amoebas and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant in our part thinking that we're the final product of evolution.
And I think that all of us are part of the creation of what is coming.
But now comes the lunch, and I think I'm going to stop here before I get rid of it.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that must change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've exercise enough time to allow me to be part of my fake practice on that.
Before I treat my talk, we talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We are near the end, the World series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's about coming out "being "resulted by "the rules, talking about statistics and using them to form a great baseball team.
I will focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called a battery average.
And we talked about 300 of a battery that makes 300 battery.
That means that the baseball based effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being attacked, and anybody who tries to launch it to the first base doesn't get to time, and the second base will be saved.
Three in 10.
You know how you call a 300 year-old battery in the Grand License?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
Do you know how you call a 404 battery battery?
By the way, that's someone who is 10 hits -- four pounds.
Leaven, like the Lego Williams, the last player of Bible Great Line to run more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or maybe less awkward after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have appropriate applications, and they are delivered to a surgeon that has also a 400 percent record.
This doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a distant place and one being wanted to have two abstract corner arteries and their family doctor will give it to a cardiologist whose record in angile is 200 percent.
But you know something?
She's improving this year.
And their actions have been 257.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you to ask them.
What do you think should be the average of access to heart surgeon or orthopedic surgeon, a nurse or a generation?
1,000 very good.
And the truth of the matter is that no one in the entire medicine knows the course of a good surgeon, a doctor or a paradigm.
What we do, however, is to send them into the world, and I include the manufacturer of being perfect.
That never, ever, make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well.
That was the message I used when I was in medical school.
I was a computer obstacle student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldings studied to a blood test.
That's how that.
I studied in my little despair, in the New hospital hospital of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
From my class of anatomy, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the wing, the digital diagnosis often and not healthy.
And I even knew the difference of the difference about how to classify the kidney tuberculosis.
And as it got more and more knowledge.
And I was really good. I graduated with honor.
And you get from medical school to the impression that if you mix everything up, then it would know everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because I was involved from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mr. Delhi.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought the lady Derek to the emergency service where I was working.
At the time I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when it requested to come to a cardiologist I was touched by that patient.
It's going to report the chief of residents.
When I saw Mr. Derkey was going on.
I heard a resource sound.
And when the audience, I heard a shadow sound on both sides -- which would tell me a frozen heart failure.
In these conditions the heart stops working, and instead of pumping blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, these are full of blood, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnosis.
I did it and I started working on the treatment I would give him.
I gave him aspirational and medicine to alleviate pressure in his heart.
I gave him dialogues, water pills so I could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And there it was when I ate the first mistake, he sent her to his house.
It actually made two mistakes.
He sent her to his house without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't raise the phone and I did what I should have done, which was to call my boss and put it with him to see her.
And if my boss would have seen it, I would have been able to bring together complex information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, which could take care of my patients without even contact my boss with.
The second mistake I ate was worse.
When I send her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inner who said, "Gollian, not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure. I was so insecure. I asked the nurse to take the lady Derek, "Do you think it's okay if you go home.
And the nurse thought, and then he said, "Yes, I think I'll be fine."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So I signed up the high, and the ambulance along with the paradigms took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, had a bad presence in the stomach.
But I followed with my work.
At the end of the day, I started to leave the hospital and walked into parking where I was my car to go home. At that time, I did something that I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service of the way home.
And there was another nurse -- not the one who was taking care of the Delhi lady before, but another one, he told me three words, those three words that most of the emergency physicians are afraid of.
Other specialists are afraid as well, but there's a particular in emergency and is that we see the patient patients.
The three words are: "Do you remember you?"
"Do you remember the patient who sent his house?
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she came back, with the same tone of voice.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
At the end of an hour to come home, after I gave him the high, I suffered a collapse and his family called 9/11. The paradigms brought it to emergency with an artificial pressure of 50 meters from Haw, which means a severe shock.
I would barely breathe and it was blue.
The emergency staff took all their resources.
They gave him medicine to climb the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was coordinated and developed to the spinal cord.
He had a mixture of feelings because after the stabilize was in intensive therapy and waiting against all hope that would recover it.
And in the two or three days it was obvious that I would never wake up.
It had an irreversible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they were resisted to what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let him go -- Mr. Delhi, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I was punished for it, and I experienced for the first time the evil shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt just isolated. Without feeling that healthy shame, because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The bad shame I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And that felt like that.
And it wasn't for my boss -- he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure I was supposed to go out and make sure you wouldn't get me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss for? Why did he send her to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make an error so still?
Why did I choose medicine?
Little that feeling was dispersition.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, he opened up the sky and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I felt better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I turned the efforts to be perfect to not make more errors, I would make those voices.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it was going to happen.
Two years later, I was helping the emergency department in a community hospital in the north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy and accelerated.
And he was sitting here.
I looked at his throat -- I was a little color.
He emailed him and sent him to his house.
But as he went to the door he kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my wedding change, my boss asked to talk to me in his office.
And he made the three words: Remember you?
Remember the patient who saw by a pain in the garden?
He came back and didn't have a static family.
It had a potentially deadly power called electricity.
You can Google it on Google. It's an infection, not from the throat, but the upper air is going on, and that it can cause the closing of those tracks.
He wasn't failed.
They are admired by antibiotic and recovered at a few days.
And you put the same period of shame and reproductive, then I encouraged me and went back to work, until again and again, and again.
Two times in the same task of urgency, not diagnosed approaches.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because you have 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
And order a ritualism of kidneys, but it turned out, a colleague that was checking the patient perceived some sensitivity in the lower right and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I gave him liquid to remove and asked my colleague to review it.
You reviewed it and when I noticed some sensitivity on the lower right-hand corner, I called the surgeon.
Both were operated and they recovered well.
But every case I woke up, I woke up.
But I'd like to tell you that I ate the worst errors in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a bear.
The most significant ones have been over the last five years.
Just shame and without support.
And here's the problem: If I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach them this so that they don't eat the same mistakes?
If I went into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after failure.
Of course, in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but they won't listen to someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a translator in my hospital was the wrong leg -- believe that I would have difficulty to look at it in the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions -- those who make mistakes and those who are not able to sleep and the ones who have a few outcomes and those who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies that start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we apply from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will have a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of distribution and medical journalism, I've done a bad medical practice and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto Star to my program, "Who Does, "Black Art: "Black Art, Black Art."
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous.
We work in a system where errors happen every day, where one in 10 prescription drugs in the hospital are wrong, or design is not right. In a system where international infections are increasingly increasingly and more and more numerous by making chaos and death.
In this country, they die 24 thousand Canadian medical mistakes.
The U.S. Institute of America established 100,000 dollars.
In both cases, it's about strong solutions, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
And that's what things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't get away.
So sleep deprivation.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect story of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a chest pain in the chest, and it comes crazy with light eyes and with breath to alcohol, and suddenly my story is about a device.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot. I don't do the same thing.
And my patients are not cars. They don't relate their symptoms as long as the same way.
All of this, errors are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals to error, well, no one left.
And do people don't want to talk about their more service cases?
In my program: "Flash art, black art, already a habit to say, "This is my worst mistake -- I would say to everybody, from the paradigms to the heart of heart surgery -- this is my worst mistake, blah, blah, blah -- "What are your mistakes and to drive the microphone to them.
And their students would stop, they would go down, go down the head and swallow and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say, "Look, they don't make the same mistake.
They need a context where we can do that.
They need a definitional medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The democratic doctor is human, it gets human, it accepts it, and it's not proud of its mistakes, but it gets effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It points out the mistakes of other people not with intention to catch them, but in a loving way and support for everyone to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings lead the system, and when this happens, they eat errors every once in time.
My name is Brian Goldings.
I'm a reductionary doctor.
I'm human, I make mistakes.
And I feel it a lot, but I strive to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take one day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently did a survey to over 2,000 people and the average amount of choice that says to pick up an average American, are about 70 to the day.
It doesn't do a lot, in an investigation followed for a week to a group of companies of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks taken by these executives and the time they started making decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average, 197 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included many ministers.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more than their time.
Now think of your choices.
Do you know how many people belong to the nine minutes, and how many of the time at an hour of an hour.
How do you heat the way that you manage those decisions.
I want to talk to you today about one of the biggest problems of the world: choose to the operating option.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand just if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive please give you a pain.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of the operating option?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I flew this very, very high level supermarket -- at least at the time it was very sophisticated at the time.
It's called Drahikoics.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There was like 250 different kinds of mustard and visit, over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 chest water, and this was when we took water from the graph.
I loved to go to that store, but in one occasion, I wondered, why never buy anything?
This is the standard of olive oil.
They had over 75 different classes, including those who were in the sealed box that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him, "Did it work well this strategy of offering all these options?
He pointed to me the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment.
Parascanal.
They had 340 different classes.
We installed a post to say, just at the end of the store.
We put out of six kinds of sands, or 24 different flavors and looked at two things: First, what case people were willing to stop testing the meaning?
More people stopped when there was 24 percent, 60 percent, that when there were only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a meal of meal.
Here we found the opposite effect.
The ones that stopped when there was 24 percent, only three percent came to buy melodically.
Where there were six, we saw 30 percent bought measured.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy measured if they found six than if they found 24 than if they were found.
Well, to decide that we don't buy measured it probably makes us -- less is good to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of choice overload affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't get us.
Now the theme of the day, financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Guard Hubble, embarrassment Karen and West Jane, where we looked at the savings of savings for about a million Americans, from about 65 percent of this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds available in the savings of savings for retirement plants, the 404 program, devibising people to save for the future.
And we found that there was actually a correlation there.
We had 553 plans that went from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the greater the number of forced funds were less participation.
So if you look at the end, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the rate of participation was 70 percent or more, not as high as I wanted to.
And on the plans that were offered about 60 funds, the rate of participation went down to the percent 60.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the more people were the number of options, more people were increased by avoiding actions or investment funds.
As soon as there were more choices, they were more willing to invest in market financial accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we will recommend to optimize future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences as we offer more and more possibilities.
The most likely is that they make the decision -- that apply it even when this goes against self-interest.
It's more likely to make the worst decisions in finance and health.
They are more likely to pick things less satisfying -- even though they usually get better.
The main reason is that we get to look at that giant variety of mass, mustard, viral and meal, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and contract and choose from that awesome display.
Today I want to propose to you today four simple techniques that we've tried, in one way or another, in different research, so that they can test in their business.
The first is, Correlation.
You've already heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, than less than today.
People always bother when I say, "Control.
They care about losing space in the tuna.
But actually what we're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut, you get rid of strange reductionist choices, there will be an increase in the sales, you go down the costs, there's a better experience in choice.
When Victor & Gamble went from 26 different types of Haiti & Sherker to 15, you saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Korean County eliminated the products for cats that are less sold -- they increased the odds at 25 percent, by two causes -- more sales and fewer costs.
You know that the supermarkets of today, on average, offer 45,000 products.
In a Walter store you offer about 100,000 products.
But the ninth largest store in the world today is Alberto and offers only 140 products -- a kind of tank say in car.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that has emerged about how to handle the choices is the David Labent plant, the Harvard program.
All employees in Harvard are automatically embedded to a life safe fund.
Those who really want to choose, are offered 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know, often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
They're all important options.
The first thing I do is to ask employees, "Tell me the differences that are among those choices.
And if your employees can't difference, you can't do their clients?
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gary.
He told me that I would be willing to offer people in this audience with a vacation with all the pays on the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give an applause if you're ready to take the offer of Gary Garden.
(Computer -- OK. Anyone who's ready to accept the supply.
Isn't it more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey?
I think it actually fits more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first round than in the second round than in the second, but I can move and say they thought the second time was more real.
Because images made it be more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of choice overload -- which is Congress.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of each choice, and that the consequences must feel very vibrating, very concrete ways.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average, when you use debit cards or credit cards than when you use effective?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that making it more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Schloder Bangalore and Alexander Prize, on personal NGO staff who worked in INCCA, these people were in a meeting where they were attacking a 404 plan.
To that meeting, that we consider exactly as a undergraduate, we made a little addition to it.
What we added was we applied to the staff that would think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this mission there was an increase in the 200-year-olds and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings account, from four percent.
The third technique is Classic.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study that we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Western supermarket throughout the running market, the magazine exhibition can contain from 337 different types to 604.
But you know?
Because classification tells me how to tell them.
These are two exhibition exhibitions.
One is called "Japanese and the other, "Sun."
If you think the one on the left is Singapore, and the one on the right is Japanese, give you a pain.
(Comes apple." Well, there are some of them.
If you think the one on the left is Japanese and the one on the right is Swiss, they give a painting.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japanese and the one on the right is Swiss. But you know something?
This classification scheme is totally useless.
The categories must indicate something that I choose, not when you define them.
You often see this problem with those huge hedge lists.
So what are they informing to?
My fourth category conducting complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a very complicated decision -- the purchase of a car.
This is a German manufacturing manufacturer that allows you to make it completely.
You have to take 60 decisions, to bring the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offer each one.
colors, outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, change box, four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order in which the decisions appear.
So half of the customers are going to go from many choices, 56 colors, to a few years, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from few choices, four boxes, to 56 colors, a lot of options.
And what am I going to look at here?
So how involved you are.
If you act always the button by defect in every decision, this indicates you're absorbed, or is we losing them.
We found that those who go from a lot of choices to a few times -- they operate the button over and over again, and another one.
We lose them.
If you go from few choices to many, they continue there.
The same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order in which information is present.
If we start with the easy thing, you learn to pick up.
Although we choose the box of changes don't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration.
It excites us a product that we're building that now has more adaptable with the process.
To sum out.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of option operation: Cortis, to eliminate strange alternatives -- contract, make it real. Claim, we can handle more categories with less choices, and to have the complexity.
All these techniques that I've presented to you were designed to help manage alternatives or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who serve.
So I think that the key to getting the best of an election is being careful by choice.
And the more careful we are in our best choices, we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the communist East Germany, if you had a writing machine should register to the government.
He had to register a piece of text text written with the machine.
And this so that government could trace the origin of text.
If they found a writing with the wrong message, they could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea.
We didn't think that someone could do this, so much that this would limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color laser from any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow yellow dots on every page that follow a pattern that makes them one and their printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to be released a lot for this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems on the network.
If you look at what's happening in the world online, we can add the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
There's the circumstances.
Like Mr. Dimitri Golden in Kirisan, Ukraine.
The mobile phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cyberattacks to make a lot of money, smart numbers.
There are really many cases of military online, multiplications, who won money with their attacks.
This is Linding Santa from Tara, Station.
This is Alfred Google.
This is Stephen Water.
This is Brown Sun.
These are Matthew Anderson, Tairo Dully etc., etc., etc.
These guys do their forests online, but they do it through illegal media through banking translations to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy on a infected computer.
The secret service of America, two months ago, freeze the Swiss account of this man, Sam Jane, and this account was 14 million dollars when he was frozen out.
Mr. Japan walks out -- he knows his paradise.
And I say today is more likely than any of us will be a victim of a cyber than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes wrong in worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of adaptations that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them, and they motivate them the presentations, they motivate them the opinions.
groups.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals that do it for money, hackers like Anonymous that do it to protect and the last group is the national states the governments that they attack.
And then we see cases like Digital.
That's a good example of government attack against its own citizens.
Digital is a certificate authority of the Netherlands, or actually it was.
Decidence the last fall, because of a sandwich.
They supported the safety of the site, and they were preparing a chair.
Last week I asked the question, in a meeting with the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the cause of Diano.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die because of an attack of these?
Digital is a certified authority.
They sell certificate.
What do the certain certainty?
Well, you need if you have a website with Twitter, encrypted September, services like Ghana.
Except to intercept an foreign career authority.
And they imitate cartoons.
And in the case of dignity, exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters took the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the achievement of the building, they found a lot of paper.
Among those papers was this cardboard called "TEDsters."
And within that folder there were notes from a company with silk in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications of the country citizens in the country.
They had sold this tool for 200,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company silk is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide a tool to the totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, only a couple of weeks ago, he found the Transation Scott, a transistor used by official government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interested.
But today it goes further.
The Internet connection.
You'll use even tools like the Transation Scott to infect our computer with a transistor to allow them to see all the communication, and listen to the online discussions to get our data.
When we think about things like this, the obvious answer should be "Well, it seems bad, but it doesn't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play with privacy.
Privacy is not discussing.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
While we could trust our governments today in 2011, whatever right we are going to do today, will be forever.
Are we going to trust any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the South National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, in the background, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The National National Park doesn't have close to most of the south, which means that wild animals like the goats migrate freely outside of the park.
And predators, like the lions. They follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and as soon as we got up in the morning, and we found it dead to me because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the mass, we think we came from heaven with our animals and all the land to show them, and that's why we value them so much.
So I grew up dealing with the lions.
They die are warriors that protect our community and livestock -- and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in the National Park.
One child in my community, six to the nine years, is responsible for his father's livestock and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions gave them fear.
But I realized that actually this wasn't serious, because it even helped the lions to see the stage of far.
I didn't slow up. It continued.
A second idea was to use a spring.
I was trying to deceive the lions to believe that it was near the stage.
But the lions are very clever.  They came the first day and saw the spinaloods, and they went out, but the second day, they went back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stable with a torch and that day the lions didn't come from.
And I discovered that lions are afraid of light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I would learn and turn out the lights.
And this is a little light bulb lamp.
I ran everything.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the small box -- I call it a transformation.
And the indicator box makes the lights disappear.
As you can see, the light bulbs are going out because that's where the lions come from.
And that's how you see the lions when they come at night.
The lights flash and give the lions to think that I'm walking around the cliff, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with the lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother.
She had killed him a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights out.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by the whole Kenya, to scare other predators like silents, leopard leaders, and also being used to spread elephants from the farms.
Thanks to this invention I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, International International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping raise fund and awareness.
I even took my friends to my community, and we installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So one year ago, I was just a kid on the pants of the savanna crawling the cows of my father, and I used to see airplanes fly, and he told me that some day would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come to TED.
My big dream is to get an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows up.
He used to hate the lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions. We can be with lions without any conflict.
So I love it. What in my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like you.
So you got a scholarship. Richard Turer: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one on your list?
RP: My next invention is -- I want to do an electric close. CA: A clear close?
RP: I know you already invented the electrical letters, but I want to do mine.
CA: So you get it once, right?  RM: I've tried it before, but I was trying to get a camera.  CA: On the foot of the canyon. Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to animate every step that you do, friend me.
Thank you very much. RM: Thank you very much.
When I was a little, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "No Avenish Nothing."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim Dietho, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except America, South America, Japan is the enemy.
But sometimes I wondered about the rest of the world, I thought that I would spend all my life in North Korea, until everything changed all of a sudden.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor, and I was never hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister's colleagues.
And he said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We're collected together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak. We're prepared to die."
It was very altered there.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At a time when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase from my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child in his arms looking at his face of his mother without being able to do anything.
No one helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine runs north to North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
In the end, over a million North Koreans died during famine and only few survived eating past, insects and tree cortex.
They also did more and more frequently the energy cuts all around me, all around me was completely in the night except for the sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and us.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Army River, which serves a limit between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very anxious at certain points, allowing North Koreans to cross secret.
But many die.
Sometimes I see bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of how it comes out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of famine I was sent to China to live with distant patients.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life was like North Republic.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the North Northes in China were considered illegal immigrants.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be repeated to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and introduced me into the police station.
Somebody had accused me to be a north, then they looked at my skills in Chinese language, and they asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explore.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and deployed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer the questions.
At the end of the interrogation an officer told another, "This was a fake report -- she's not normal."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some Americans in China are looking for analogy in foreign employees.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and developed.
These women were very lucky.
Although they have captured them, they were eventually released after an international pressure.
These North Koreans were not so lucky.
Every year, North Koreans are captured in China and separated North Korea, where they're tortured or incarcerated or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape, many other North Koreans have not been so lucky.
It's tragic that the North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of his world can be stuck in a second.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to get back to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
Being in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South.
We are all corners, but in the inside, we have become very different because of 67 years of divide.
Even through a crisis of identity.
Am I South or North America?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly there was no country I could call with pride me.
Although adapt to life in South Korea was not easy, I made a plan. I started studying for the income exam to college.
Just when I started adapting to my new life, I got an alarming call.
North Korean authorities introduced some money that sent my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be displaced to force to a distant location on the outside.
They had to sleep immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China and I loved the border with North Korea.
Because my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow for over 3,000 miles through China and then through Southeast Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we almost were trapped several times.
Once, our bus was stopped and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identity of everyone and started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I grew up and told him that they were short-term people who were compressing.
And I looked at myself, but fortunately he believed me.
We did all the way down to the Latin border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe border guards in Lats.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and incarcerated by crossing the inergently border.
After paying free and brothers, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in Latin California.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything to liberate my family, and we were so close, but my family was represented in prison to short distance from the South Korea.
I went and came between the office office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
I didn't have enough money to pay more bribe or free.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man asking, "What is the problem?
I was so surprised that a stranger would care about question.
With my poor English and a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt the man went to the ATM and gave me the rest of money for my family and two other North Koreans and take them out of prison.
I was grateful with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me?
"I'm not helping you." He said.
"I'm helping the North people."
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The nice unknown simplicity symbolizes a new hope for me and the North people when we needed it.
And he showed me that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community are really the waste of hope that the North American need.
Over time, after our long trip, my family and I got together in South Korea.
But achieving their freedom is only half the battle.
Many North Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go to a new country, they start with little or nothing money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, practical language practices.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are still in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping change North from the North from within.
I've been very lucky, I've got a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help the Koreans a chance to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in Central Center.
This is Central Center: free stores, fast food, tablet land.
So the city planners were meeting and thought, we're going to change the name of Central Center to represent something else, so they changed it to Los Angeles South, as if this will fix what is actually wrong in the city.
This is the Angeles South.  stores of free, fast food, table land.
Just like 26 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, Los Angeles Center, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to take kills more people than food in the car.
People are dying of cultural diseases in Los Angeles Center South.
For example, the rate of obesity in my neighborhood is five times larger than we say, Beverly Hillists, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing that this happened.
And I wonder, how would they feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time they come out of home you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood?
I see clips of bought wheels and sold as used cars.
I see penguin density centers like Straps.
And I consider this to stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
And I also got tired to drive 45 minutes away and come back to buy an apple that doesn't have pessimistic.
What I did, was to plant a food forest in front of my house.
In a piece of land we called a garden.
It's about 45 x three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes on me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This is how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Grounds, we put together and we started planting our forest of food, fruit trees, you know, the nine complete vegetables.
What we do, we are a kind of a group paid by advanced companies of all the processes, all of the city and completely volunteers, and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone gets burned.
The city came up to me and in summary, they gave me a quote saying that I had to remove my garden, the catalyst became a legal order.
And I said, "Come on, really?
A court order for planting food in a piece of land that no one matters?  So I was like, "Well, let's get it."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Lour, and I talked to the concrete and one of the members of Green Grounds, who put a petition in Chance, with 900 signs, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My focus even called to say that they were going to go and love what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the U.S. city with more tree trees.
It has 68 miles of dead land.
That's 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 125 million tomato plants.
Why don't you think about this?
Growing a plant to give a few thousand seeds.
When a dollar of stores will give you 75 dollars a result.
It's my hemisphere, when I tell people, culture your own food.
Culture your own food is how to print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central Sea.
I grew up there. I raised my kids there.
I am part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing to me by others, and I'm going to manufacture my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my drug, I cultivate my art.
As a graffiti artist, that creates walls, I write soils, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, are my belief of that canvas.
You would be surprised to see what the land can do, if you let it be your canvas.
You simply can't imagine how amazing a glass is and how people affect people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of the transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
You would be surprised to see how kids affect children.
The garden is the most therapeutic and provocative act that they can do, especially in a crime.
Also, you get serious.
I remember one occasion, which came up with a mother and his daughter, were like 1960, at night, and they were in my backyard, and they looked very appropriate.
I, well, man, I felt bad to be there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who was so close to me with hungry, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Well, do not fear that people are going to steal your food?
I say, "Oh God, I'm not afraid you're going to steal it."
That's in the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at the same time, I want you to break your health.
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a refugee shelter at the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. I was shared by their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Grand has come to plant maybe 20 garden.
We've had about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all on voluntary plan.
If kids grow up, kids eat color.
If you grow tomatoes -- you eat toms.  But if none of this is taught you, if you don't teach them how the food affects your mind and the body, they eat blind what you get in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're caught in. I see color kids who are on this way designed for them, that doesn't take them anywhere.
With the garden, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are coming out of their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Carbon Carter.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole bunch of gardens, where people can share food on the same picture.
I want to take content and turn them into healthy cats.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because it is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, you have to support it.
What I'm talking about is putting people out of people, taking kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening machine markets.
What I want to do here, we have to do it sexy.
I want you all to become electronic references, sensors, gas gardens.
We have to change the script of what is a guide.
If you're not a garden, you're not a grass.
You get their panels out of the room."
That is their weapon of choice.
In sum if you want to meet with me, well, if you want to look at me, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some crap -- to talk about making some shit.
If you want to see, come to the garden with your ball so we can plant something.
Audience: Thank you.
Thank you.
(Audience sounds)  (Pieces of Microsoft."  You probably all agree with me when this is a very nice road.
It's made of sharp, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, that it takes a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that saves.
And especially if you're riding in your bike and these cars happen, that's not very nice.
Also, asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make charge rooms.
Particular asphalt -- a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has bodies and water can go through it, so all the rain water will flow down to the sides and have a road for which it's easy to drive, and you won't swim water again.
The noise will also disappear in these pores as well.
Because it's very hard, all the noise will disappear -- so it's a very silent road.
It also has devastations, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is it down? See that in this road, the stones on the surface are coming out.
First one stone, then several more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I won't do that.  But you can give you your parasites, and you're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create bacteria with that.
Ah! It's ready.
Backwares, of course, can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can actually see what damage looks like in this material.
It's a porous, like I said, so it only has a small amount of adventure between the stones.
Because of the interview, the ultraviolet light, to the existing, this adventure, this blood, the glue between the riots, will be choosen, and if you collect, you will make microbes and be separated from the adults.
So if you drive down the road, you will take the added -- as you saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think of sub-Saharan materials.
If we can make this material automatically, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel warrior, from that to clean steels, and we can cut the steel lava into very small pieces, and we can mix those little bits with the balloon.
So we have asphalt with small pieces of steel in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- a machine of industry.
Interpretation can heat up, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you need to do is heat the steel down, melt the balloon, the bank flow through these microbes and the stones will look back at the surface.
And I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big innovation machine here to the stage.
Microscope oven, it's a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm now going to take to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try.
So they gave us a piece of roads, 400 meters from the ARPS highway, where we had to do a test lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test test, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road, and we tested them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of burden on them, we repair them then with our opening machine and we repair them and try and test them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've made a material using steel fibers, incorporating these fibers using the energy energy to actually increase the life on the surface of the road, they can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether this was also worked.
We still have the sample here. It's pretty hot.
In fact, you have to face first before you can show you how the repair is.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having woke up a morning with the sound of the gun in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News, in his little gray radio.
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual at those times, because news generally depressed it.
"The Taliban went out of my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning I never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban approached Afghanistan and made illegal that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to hide my older sister, who couldn't be alone outside to go to secret school.
It was the only way we could educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so nobody could suspect where we were.
We had to hide the books in market bags so that we were shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us learned in a little room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot.
We all knew that we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in the time, school would suddenly close for a week because the Taliban suspected.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were we following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were terrified, but still, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very fortunate to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a teacher.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total invasion of a remote province of Afghanistan, insisted in his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father was repeated by it.
But my mother became a teacher.
This is it.
It will retire two years ago, just to turn our house in school for girls and women of our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, it was the first of his family in getting education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a greater risk in not to educate his children.
Over the years of the Taliban. I remember there were times when I was very frustrated for our life, and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said, "Hey, daughter me, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force you to leave your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So you still want to go to continue?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than the dictator, and if my family hadn't been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here proud to graduate in Melience College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, the one who was blown out of his home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones in mind.
He doesn't just get rid of my college degree, but also I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, which I bring it down to the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global embarrassment of 1958, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded ALS, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country that is still risky for girls going to school.
The exciting thing is I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity.
And I see his parents and their families who, as the mine, they advocate for them, to weigh and still in front of a deliberate opposition.
Like Jomey. It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter went from SLAS to his village, and literally they escaped to be killed by a bomb on the way, for minutes.
When you get to your house, you are the phone, a voice would warn him that if he kept sending his daughter to school, they would try again.
"May me say, "If you like, but I won't give my daughter's future for his old and defendent ideas.
What I've realized about Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of whom we succeed, there is a father who recognized the value of his daughter and he sees the success of it its own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, they're often the first compelling interests of the bright future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school are in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear these changes don't last much, after the retirement of the U.S. troops.
But when I come back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who are advocating for them, they encourage them, I see an average future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and unlimited possibilities -- and every day, the girls of SOPA remind me.
Like me, they dream of big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the explosion, "Jim, resist Gathin. fight him.
But you never get back a Garbachina replacement.
They have spent almost two years since this is the liberal revolution inspired by the older means of mass movement as much as the Egyptian revolution.
A force with a lot of other books, in and outside of the country to call a day of rage and start a revolution against the tragedy regime of Gaddam.
And we did that. It was a big revolution.
Women and young girls were on the side, demanding the fall of the regime, carrying freedom pandemics, dignity and social justice.
They've shown an example of an example when we face the brutal dictatorship of Gaddam.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and a loss of about 50,000 dead, we managed to liberate our country and defeat the tyranny.
However, Gaddam left a heavy burden -- a lawyer of tyranny and corruption and self-decisive seeds.
For four decades, the tragedy regime of Galvai destroyed the infrastructure, culture and moral structure of criminal society.
conscious of the devastation and the challenges, I've wanted to, along with many other women, rebuild the liberal civil society, demand an inclusive transition and right towards democracy and national reconciliation.
It's about 200 organizations in Benki during the death and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Trick.
After a 33-year-old period, I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm -- I started organizing workshops about the development of capacity, and leadership skills.
With an amazing group of women we founded the World Media Platform by the Peace -- a movement of women, leaders. Very diverse orientation, to advocate for the socioeconomic autonomy of women and for our right of equal participation in building and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the exponential period -- an environment that was increasingly pollen, which is moving from the selfish egotistic policy and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won 17 percent of the National Congress in the first 50 years.
But shortly at a little bit, the power of elections and revolution as a whole, were disappearing, every day we found violence news.
One day we woke up with the news of the professional mosques and supply tumors.
Another day he parked with the news of the American ambassador and the attack of the conservation.
Another day we wake up with the news murder mass of the military office.
And every day, every day we wake up with the military government and their continued violence of human rights and their lack of respect of law.
Our society, formed by a revolutionary mindset, is policed more, and has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, we had at the beginning.
The intelligence, the explosion and the revenge.
I'm not here today to inspire you with our story of the success of "the "pre-condition and the elections.
Rather, I'm here today to trust that we, as a nation, we choose bad, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Libya.
Is the list of crime and alternative between candidate and candidates and national recovery" and national recovery?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why does our society follow polarized and dominated with selfish officers of domination and bang, as much as for men and for women?
Maybe what was missing was not just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than it needed choices, which only reinforce polarization and division alone.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female more than need the neurons and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as an emergency agent and call it a day.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female speech, which not just honor but also put the mechanics instead of sensitive, the collaboration instead of competition, the inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by the war, needs desperately to reach peace.
Because peace has a height that is about innovation and alternative between female perspective and male perspectives.
That's the real crop.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it socially.
According to a corner of the Koran -- it's the word of God mercy, "Great, compassion."
At the same time, the word "Random: which is known in all the abandoned traditions -- it has the same root in Arabic that the word "shoulder: simplification the feminine and material, which is going to go to all the humanity that men and women, where all the tribes and all people have embarrassed.
And so as the uterus covers completely the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of the company is all the existence.
This is how you say to us, "My mechanics will get all the things."
This is how you say, "My mystery is prepared about my anger.
That all of them are connected to the mechanics of mercy.
Thank you.
So I'm here today to talk to you about an unequal question, which has an equally unequal answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that you all do always, why does she go?
Why would anybody go to stay with a man who was painting?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I just raised at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York City for my first job as a writer and an editor in Seven magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green translator American Earth, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul. I loved my head with a piece, loaded with driver balls.
The man, which I loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "complete love," a psychological trick, drawing of love, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
Until it could be his story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I'm licensed in English at Harvard University, and I have a MBA in marketing from the White Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for the lists of the Fourth 500-year-old list, between the Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burkhy and The Washington Post and The Washington Post Royal.
I have almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black speaker and driving a Mandela Okakak.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the race, all the religion, all the levels of rest and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the marriages are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships and interdependence and long duration or, said in the families, the last place where we want or hope to find violence, which is why, the domestic abuse is so desperate.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who punched him, and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States women between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples and northern homes in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence, his warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold, rainy night.
I was sitting next to my side in New York subway and started flying with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he had just escaped from a university of the Leave Air and he worked in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me most on that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that seemed like a field of the field.
He had a big motor like apples and a wheat hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that I did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it over the beginning by putting on a separate.
We started coming out and he loved all of me -- which was ready, that I had gone to Harvard who put passion to help girls, and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congo believed in me, as a woman, as no one had ever done it.
And it was why the license in that prestigious school and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much relevance to him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any domestic violence relationship is to separate and do the victim.
And I didn't know the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave the work of my dreams, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted my work and Congo and I went together in Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a "clothes love, which was entering head in a physical, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she reacts it.
And this is where they go in scene of those clues.
As soon as we moved to New England you know, that site is supposed to be supposed to feel so safe to buy three pieces.
One was in the car war.
Another would keep it under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said he needed those guns because of the trauma that lived in a little bit.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those pieces were actually a message for me, and even though I had never lifted my hand up, my life was in serious danger, every minute every day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning, and I still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 bites of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's girlfriend of my mother and married him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we were going to live happily forever, because I loved him, and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very receiver.
He just felt very shared by the wedding and the fact of forming a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never be hurt.
I spent twice as much in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I wrote several times against the window of the car.
And then, a couple days later, driving back from our honey moon, he was drowned by traffic and threw me a Big Mac cold on the face.
And he kept looking at one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is the victims of domestic violence or bullying.
So actually, I had very good company.
I'll go back to my question: Why did I go?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
On the contrary, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a profoundly terrified man, and it was the only person in the world that could help Congo face their demons.
The other question that everybody is doing is, why doesn't it just go down?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
To me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we victims, we know something that normally you ignore -- it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a marriage.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in domestic violence cases happen after the victim has gone end to the relationship, after marriage, because then the abuse has nothing to lose.
Other replicators include the permanent access, even after the abuse has come to harness, funding from financial resources, and manipulation of the family justice system to tackle the victim and their children, who are usually forced by the judges to spend time not sustained with the man who paid their mother.
And yet we keep asking why it just doesn't go?
I was able to go, because I was able to be able to go from a last daddy saying that I sold my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if I had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody the world, to the police, to my neighbors, my friends and family, at full unknown, and I'm here today because all of you help me.
We have the tendency to systematically standard victims like speaker streets, self-destructive women, good goods.
The question, "Why do you go?
For some people to be a way to say, "The fault is their being about the street, as if the victims are completely choosing to fall out of men who want to destroy us.
But since I published "The "Move Look, I've heard of stories of stories of men and women who were also exploded, who learned an inspirational lesson of what happened to them and they took their lives to their lives and happy lives as employees, wife and mothers, completely free life of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence survivor.
I got married with a nice, nice man and we have those three children.
I have that black book and also that mine.
What I'm not going to go back to have never more, is a little bit guaranteed by pointing on my head in someone who says I want to.
Right now, they're thinking, "Hey, that's fascinating." Or "Hello, how dumb it is." But all of this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, who are being married or that they were small or that they're abuse themselves.
The male could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy particular love breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is only in silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
victims, we need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the milk to the light talking about it with his children, their job companies, their friends and family.
They replicate their vision of survivors as fantastic people and fantastic, who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously to give up their scale and show victims a safe output.
Together, we can turn our bed, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hello. I call me Cameron Russell, and for a while, I'm model.
To be accurate, for 10 years.
And I feel that right now, there's an awkward tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed like this.  luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first layer of clothes on a TED stage, so you have a lot of luck to see it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when I came up, they don't have to talk to me now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These cookies are very uncomfortable. less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this sweater, because it's when you're going to laugh at me, so you don't do anything while I cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I've completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a boyfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer said to me that I would throw my back and pull the hair out of the kid.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial band like the one I did two days ago for work, there's very little that we can do to transform our looks, which, even though surface and immortalized, has a big impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being worth means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do me, but in a sitting way.
The first question is, how do you get model?
And I always say, "A heart discovered, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I became model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I am the benefit of a heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries we haven't only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we are biologically programmed to admire -- we also associate it to a high and blood fuel, to the feminist and a white skin.
And that's my heritage. I hope I've known to drive to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience who are now showing school, and maybe there are some loves of the fashion that they say, wait. There are Naomi Street, All, Joan Shan, Liz Web.
First of all, the happy to know so much about models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at New York University told each and every single model in the runway, and the 167 models hired -- only 27 -- is, less than four percent, they weren't white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Could it be model when you get better?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know that.
But then, what I really would tell each of these girls is, why? You can be what you want.
You can be president in the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a neighborhood cardiovascular and a poet -- which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, they're still instituted, no, no, Cameron, I want to be models, then I say, "I know my female.
Because I'm not in charge of nothing, and you could be the recording head of the American magazine or the executive director of HIV, or the next Steven Mission.
To say that of older you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's outside your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work that you can choose.
I'm going to show you all I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike heart surgery, it can be summed up right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've done your studies, and you have a curriculum and a few jobs to your back, no matter what you say, if you say you want to be president in the United States, but your curriculum said, "In the inner clothes of clothes for 10 years, people would look weird for you.
The next question that people always do is whether all the photos are reconstructed.
And yes, they are basically retraining all the pictures, but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a biology, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
That's how it looks like my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I'm on a couple of days before the pictures for the French Voyage.
Here I am with my football team and the magazine B.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that it's not me in those pictures.
They're creating a group of professionals, films, marriages, photographers and stations, and all of their help and people of pressure and posterous people, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get free things?
I have too many candles of 20 inches and I never use, except the last pair before, but the privilege that I get in the real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a store and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a post-conflict point, and of course, we were standing in red, and of course, they stood up, and it was a feeling that I feel, an agent to keep going.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their appearance without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, of the 1400,000 teenagers who were stopped and recorded, 86 percent were black and Latino and most of them were young men.
And there are only 17,000 black people and Latin Carler in New York, so for them, it's not a question of me?
But how many times would I stand up? And when when me?
By researching for this talk, I found out that at 53 percent of girls in 13 years in the United States don't like their body, and that number takes to 78 percent to 17 percent.
So the last question that people do is, how is life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is, if you're a little bit more delighted, and you have the most brilliant hair, you will feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like that.
We say, "It's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative people, ingenuity and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I have never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask, with a few more thin legs and the brightest hair, it'll be happier.
They just have to get together with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the most brilliant hair and the clothes more to the fashion but probably be the most physically intense women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial oppression and gender when I am one of the biggest benefits.
If there is something to rethink from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was the oldest enough to support a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures, and I didn't go out of whom I took them.
There were no artistic directors, no stations, no opportunity to repeat the pictures, not even a minimum care in the lighting.
In fact, most of them took the random tourists.
My story starts when, finding in New York City to give a power, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday. That's the corner of 57 and five.
He gave us the chance that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take you to Sandrosh to New York on a paradigm trip and continue the ritual ride?
So here is when we started asking the tourists that were happening that would take us off the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of the camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
No one has been denied and, fortunately, no one has gone with the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much life would change this journey.
It became a sacred thing for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day so that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October, and we will think about our time and our evolution over the years, and not just at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because although we always took the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter gets new hands, and I can see life through your eyes and how it perceives and interacting with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something that we expect with illusion all the year.
Recently, in one of the trips we were walking on, when suddenly he stopped in dry and pointed a red soldier from the shop of dolls that I had a little bit on the previous visit.
And he described to me what had felt at the same place at the same place.
I started that he remembered her heart handler to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created is the memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging actively in conscious memories of memories.
I don't know you, but apart from these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the family photos.
I'm always the one who takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and they don't have to go to someone and ask them, "Do you get a picture up?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The bushing is in the most threatened birds.
First of all, why do they have such bad press press?
It's also been associated with Disney laughter as mental characters, silly characters, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan press, applications and associations are the attributes that you associate with the Kenyan Parliament -- but I don't accept.
I don't accept. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment.  The paralysis don't help prevent the spread of disease.
They're hardly movement.   They're far away from getting extinct.  And my favorite, the bushing is better presentation.   There are two kinds of bushing on this planet.
There are the New World Buddhists that are mainly found in the Americas, like controls and cartoons, and the Old World Buddhas, where we have 16 species -- from these 16, 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So why are the bullets important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services, Climate.
They're our natural garbage colleagues.
They clean the charges up to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria. They help absorb the anthrax that not to be for them will spread and cause large loss of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there is no superstars, the parents take three to four times more time to destroy, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease.
The bulks also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture.
New was the symbol of the protective and the maternity and, along with the cobra -- syndruciated the unit between the East and the Lower Egypt.
In Hindu mythology. Jack was the bullet god and risked his life to save the Daniel Singapore from 10 Happiness heads.
In the Tibetan culture, the very important ones are done in the open sky, and in places like Tibet, there's no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these bumps provide a natural disposal system.
What is the problem with the blood?
We have eight species of bubbles in Kenya, from which six are at extreme threatened extractions.
The reason is that they're being sentenced, and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and father. The Brazilian communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the bushing is the victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of bushing are on the critical list of extinction danger -- which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey from livestock consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like Dickine.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India, and they've taken a position.
Because there are no bubbles, there has been a spread in the number of hot dogs in services of charges, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge amount of time for rabbi, and the number of cases of rage has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa, 350 adventures are going to be up on the Turkey lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to the birds, they cut them in half.
They're bird traditions.
In Western Africa, there is a horrible subway trade to serve the bullet and the manufacturing market.
So what is it doing? Okay, we're researching these birds. We're putting it transportation.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so focusing on a local problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the bulls, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that provide them.
How can you help help." It can become active -- it can make noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell them we have to focus on these very understood creatures, donate your time to spread the word. They will spread the word.
When you go out of this room, you'll be informed about the bulls, but you talk to your families, with your children, with your neighbors on the bus.
They are very elegant. Charles Darwin said that he changed of opinion because he saw them flying without effort, without spending energy in the sky.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do professionally -- my life has been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
From 1971 to 1977, light young -- but I don't know.  I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Coast of Maryland, Argentina and Somalia, in projects of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project we set up in failing Africa.
And I was pretty upset.
I thought, at 21, the Italians were good people and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we played we studied it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Plant of Zerocurent," was a project where a few Italians decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food.
So we came up with Italian seeds in southern Zambia.
And of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't go up.  We were astonished that the local, in such fertile valley, had not been agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we are here."  "Oh for the time to save people from Zambia from the humanity."
And of course, everything in Africa is being grown up.
We got these magnificent shots. In Italy, a tomato would grow this size. In Zambia.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the emails, "Look how easy agriculture is.
When the tomatoes were nice, mature and red, overnight.
And the Americans said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here.  "Why didn't they say it? You never ask it."
I thought only the Italians we made errors in Africa, but then, I saw what American did, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hyperbolic.
You should see the waste.  You should see the waste that we give them to people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "Capacity Maurian from Damata Mosely, barmark economist.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western countries, we've entered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I won't tell you about the damage that that money has caused it.
Just read their book.
launch it from an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are imperative, colonial missions, and we treat people only in two ways, or the pathogens, or we're pathologists.
The two words come from the Latin root pattern: which means father."
However, they mean two different things.
Patternick, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my kids, "I want a lot.
Participant, I treat everyone in a different culture as if they were my services.
That's why white people in Africa are called "Band,"
That book gave me a slap in the face. The little thing is beautiful -- written by Schuble, who said over all economic development, if people don't want to be helped -- let them alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, "Can you imagine a city that isn't neuroscientific?
I decided at the age of 27 years just responding to people, and I invented a system called Committee Facebook where you never start anything, you ever motivate anyone, but it becomes a local passion, the service of local passion, who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It's street.
It never gets to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people of the local.
We don't work from offices.
We got together in a coffee. We got together in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give somebody an idea.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what will you do?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And so we help them find knowledge because no one in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not we, for once instead of reaching a community to tell people what to do, why don't we listen to them? But not in community meetings.
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never go, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they've identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face -- you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You have to create a new profession.
The profession is the family family doctor, the family family doctor, who set up with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and that helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of making your life.
I started this as a test in Expense, the city of Western Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at that time, trying to get away from this hidden garbage that we got to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects, and the government came to me to see myself, "How can you do that?
How can it do it? And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
And I listened to them and listened to them.  So the government says, "Hey again."  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 businesses.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying.
Peter Drug, one of the greatest business corners in history, passed back at 96, a few years ago.
Peter Drug was a philosophy professor before he was involved in business, and this is what Peter Drug says, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy.
planning is the kiss of the death of corporate spirit.
So now you can reconstruct Christian without knowing what the smartest people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come up with you.
You have to offer you, privacy has to be fantastic when you help you, and then you will come up in the mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion?
What do you think about this morning more that you've been applied?
Local people. That's what you've been clapping.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial fuel revolution -- fundamental fossil fossils, manufacturing -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The brakes as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable.
What we have to consider, is how do we nurture -- we cure, we change, we transport to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for green revolution -- the universities forget?
Government forget? Forget it.
It's going to be entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's a nice story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1886.
And in the year 1870, this group of people came together, and they speculate what happened to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was University, New York City would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve and pointed out, if the population is kept growing up to this rate, to bring up the population of New York to the around, would require six million horses. And the manure produced for six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already advising at trace.  So in 1800, they were doing this dirty technology that would destroy New York life.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States they came up with 100 automotive manufacturing, 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few scales, scales, factory in parking places.
Destroned, Michigan. Henry Ford Ford Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer you conservation.
Otherwise, you won't come to conversation with you.
Then, you have to offer you a absolute, dedicated service to it.
And basically, you will have to tell you the truth about it.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to make three things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count a fantastic commercialization, and you have to count with a great financial administration.
Guess what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can make, sell and search for money.
It doesn't exist.
This hasn't been born.
We have research and looked at the 100 icons of the world Carnegie world, Wikipedia, Edison, Ford all the new companies Google, Google.
There is only one thing that all of the successful companies in the world have in common, only one, no one was initiated by one person.
Never the word "I," but the word "We are 3: 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have facilities, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in categories, in bars alongside their dead dead who will do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this electricity, somebody who talks to you, what do you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Okay, can you sell it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." I want you to look for somebody to look for it?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like automatics, plants and chalk.
These projects came out of questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their apartment?
How can we pay and ask for more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better?
How do we share our hopes to empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and our dreams.
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant gold that Dan shadows and shortcut and spaces for centuries and comfort in a city.
That always gives the music --  -- there's a depression in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest number of opening properties.
I live close to this house, and I thought how I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Jone, as a mother for me.
Her death was sudden and unexpected.
He thought a lot about death.
And this produced a profound gratitude for the living time.
I gave it clarity to the meaningful things of my current life.
But I managed to keep this look at my everyday life.
I think it's easy to let me get caught up the day and forget the really important thing for you.
So with the help of old friends and new friends transform the wall of this house abandoned in a giant ball and painted on her phrases to find, "Before I died I want."
So the trains could take a trip, reflect about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day, the wall was full and kept covering up.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I die I want to be judged by painting."  Before I died, I want to sit on a horrible line of the change line.
Before I die I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I die I want to plant a tree.
Before I die I want to live outside the Net.
Before I die I want to hug it once more and more."
Before I die I want to go to somebody's rescue."
Before I die I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams and hope of people who were laughing at me to carrying, shoot me down, and they gave me a little bit on hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and scarceletrey ways -- it's about giving the reflection and pollution, and to remember what is the most important thing for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started receiving hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center, we made a kit and now walls in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our distribution of distributions, it's more important than ever, to find the ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is short and delicious.
death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even think, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that makes us more power.
Think about climate death our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters as individuals and as a community and with more media to share hope, fears and stories, the people around us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my sisters.
Reme is 22 years old, it's high and very gas.
It doesn't talk, but it makes joy better than some of the best speakers.
Remein knows what love is.
I shared it inconsistently pass what happened.
It's not adventure. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about the religious differences and you look at this: it's never lied.
When I sing songs of our childhood, trying to make words that I couldn't even remind me, it reminds me one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be unknown.
Samuel has 16 years old. It's high. It's very cooking.
It has the most accurate memory.
But it's a selective memory.
He doesn't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year I came out every single song of my iPod -- conversations that we kept when I was four years old, making my arm on my arm during the first episode of the Telescopes and the Lady Gangle birthday birthday birthday.
Doesn't it seem incredible?
But most people don't.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust to the concept of normal society, often they're ignored and understood.
But what drives my heart and fascinated my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they didn't consider them within the order, that could only mean one thing: they were extraordinary and autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term autism," it's a complex brain disorder affecting social communication, learning and sometimes to physical skills.
In every individual it was manifestate in a different way, that River is so different from Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, you diagnose a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the development disorders that goes faster in the world, there's no cause or known cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When they spent a few months, I realized that he was different.
I was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
I was living and reminded in his own world, with his own rules, and I found pleasure on the smallest things, like putting the cars around the room, looking around the room, looking at the washing and eating anything that would be between the media.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more eventually.
But beyond the browser, the frustration and the unfair hypertension, there was something really unique -- a pure and innocent nature -- a child who looked at the world without prejudice.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, moments where I would have wanted them to be just like me.
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuals, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that I wouldn't want to change for normal.
The normal goes through the beauty that give us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that any is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could transmit one thing to Reino and Sam and to you, it would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because autistic or not, the differences we have. It's a gift. Every one of us has a gift in their interior, and honestly, the pursuit of normality.
The opportunity for great, progress and change dies at the time where we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit about what was supposed to be Alice in the country of the Marines.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who would give a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  Scared of truth -- scared of these students with his big minds, their big books and their big, unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when I fell through the head of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
So I felt like I had those conversations with students, and I was surprised by the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers are not inviting us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please help with simplicity.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to respond, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
Don't tell us that they study the schools, but they study the scales, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the operation.
And when they're describing their science, caring with jargon.
Organism is an obstacle for our understanding of its ideas.
Sure, you can say space and temporary, but why not say space and time that is much more accessible to us?
So making them accessible is not the same as making them silly.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without engaging the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies. They are ways of discussing and excited with their content.
And when you present his work, forget about the balloon signs."
They have wondered why they're called balls?  What do the balls do? The bullets kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it will be supported too much in the language of our brain and are overwhelmed.
Instead, this example of General Brown example is much more effective, showing that the special structure of the students is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower in the Eiffel Tower of the Eiffel Tower of the Eiffel Tower of the Eiffel Tower of the Line.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence, legitimate, that the public can understand if it loses a little bit, and next, providing graphs that appeal to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what is described with.
I think these are just some key things that can help us open the door and look at the country of the wonders that are science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, for all media, do it with simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from all the English English Dictator is "constantial."
Just because it sounds very well.
And "constant means "compassion death."
Although there was a personal editor of the 19th century that defined it much better when he said, "A song is that looking for a public charge without matter or platform or principle, and that when you win, you get it for the number of a resource supermarket manual."
I have no idea what report means.
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't all the way, for example, 177 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were told in the parliament camera.
And all of this was thanks to the courage of a guy with the name of Brazil Brooklyn, who confronted Parliament in front of it.
They put it on the London Tower and they calculated him, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end had such a popular support in London that won.
And just a few years later, we had the first recorded use of the phrase -- "The Bosi But Brazilian baseball."
Most of you think it's literal thing.
It's not. It's by a advocate of freedom freedom.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to go back to the United States, just after independence, right after the independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This is destroyed in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions that could have failed.
Some wanted to call it "Chicken de State Washington, and others, "The Albert George Washington, and other Defense Defense Freedom in Washington United States.
Not very carefully.
Some of you just wanted to call it "Real."
They thought it was probably quality.
And not even with that were monopoly, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And it could have served it.
Everybody gets married immensely because this debate is projected for three weeks.
I read a poor sentence, and he always wrote, "It's still with this thing."
What caused the back and the uncle was that the Camp of representatives was against the Senate.
The Kepler Camera didn't want Washington to be pregnant of power.
They didn't want to call it King because he gave him or his own ideas.
So they wanted to give it the most immediate title of title and more incredible and more fundamental than it was happened.
And that title was President."
President. They didn't invent the title -- it already existed before, but it just meant somebody who had a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much bigger than the term cardboard or supernova.
There were events of small colonial advantages and government factories, but it was really a simple title.
And so the Senate opened.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign treated and gather with foreign diagrams."
"And who will take a serious title and integrated as President of America?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't charge.
We can learn three interesting things from all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I have been able to figure out, the Senate has never been able to really remember the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to stay there, waiting for the Senate to in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporal --  -- so we can keep waiting for 223 more years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and this is what I want to leave you with, is that the U.S. President title doesn't sound so much more modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to display, the biggest economy in the world and a fleet of aerial vehicles and and so on.
The reality and the story has given the title of graining.
So the end won the Senate.
They got their respect title out.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of uniqueness -- well, it was a uniqueness at the time.
But know how many nations now are presented?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So at the end of the Senate won and the Camp of Republicans lost because no one is going to feel humility when they tell them that they're now President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and that I'd like to leave you with.
The politicians try to choose and use words to shape and control reality, but actually, the reality is much more the words than what these might change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters under land in an illegal mine of Ghana.
The air is loaded from heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that speak but above all, that colony of male and stones with primitive tools.
As others, I carry a cheap light of light to the head with this angry rubber and I can barely distinguish the branches of the branches that hold the walls of that one meter that falls out of hundreds of meters on Earth.
He restricted my hand and I suddenly remember a mining that I met days before, who lost control and fell countless meters in that picture.
As I talk to you today, these men are deep in that hole risking their lives without paid or reward and often dying.
I went out of that hole and went home, but they may never do it, because they're a scale of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor to be the only exhibition at the Valencian Park Cura.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met an integrated "Free The Solars, an NGO who dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world, but not to such a grade.
When we ended up speaking I felt very bad, honestly was ashamed to ignore this approach of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
He got me a street and weeks later, flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of "Free The Solars and offer him my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these places.
Some of them even considered them my second home.
But this time, window the dirty trains.
A conservative calculation says that there are more than 27 million people displaced in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans displaced throughout the whole deal of traditional slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today.
And yet, today you can enslave entire families by generations for closed declines of 18 dollars.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits from more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to then discover that they are forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and they can't escape.
The slavery operates in the commercial: the goods produced by slaves have value, but who produces them are discovery.
Space exists in almost everybody and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the brick horizons.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the old Egypt or the hell.
And in a temperature of 54 degrees C, men, women, kids, in fact, entire families wrapped in a heavy point of dust, and they put mechanically brick bricks in their heads, to 18 at the time, and they take them from the surrounding horizons to trucks that are hundreds of feet.
Designed by the monitor and the consent work in silence, doing this task again and again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no pause to eat, not to drink, and the severe deforestation made it be pretty intense.
So penguins were the heat and the powder that my camera became too hot, and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run into the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to reverse it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven, I wanted to cry, but the applause I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Lit, don't do it. Don't do it here."
And it explained to me very clearly that proving emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer them any direct help.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I wasn't a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were.
And I had to rely on "Free the Solos and work within the system for his liberation and trust you to get it.
As to me, I hope to get home to feel my state state.
In the Himalayas, I found kids carrying rocks over the square miles for mountains and trucks to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big plants were more heavy than the kids who were carrying them and the kids would support them to their heads with careers made of streets, ropes and homework.
It's hard to see something so overwhelmed.
How can we influence something so insight, but so understand?
Some of you don't even know they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without paying paid -- because this has been like this all his life.
They have nothing to compare with.
When these villages were recruiting their freedom, the slaves burn down their houses.
When we hear the word slavery we often think of sexual traffic and because of this global awareness to me that it would be hard to me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kation I was involved in women who had been previously sexual slaves.
They led me by some anonymous stairs that gave this dirty basement, of having fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a bright.
It was more a restaurant.
Restrained as you know in the office, they're local for forced prostitution.
They have small, private rooms, where the stars women with their girls and children, some of the only seven years -- they're forced to train clients and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Every single dot is dark and source, identified by a painted number on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sex abuse for their clients.
On the penision, I remember feeling an ordinary acute fear and, in that instant, I could barely imagine what it must be to be stuck in that hell.
I only had a street, the stairs where I walked in.
There were no dead doors.
There were no great enough windows like they to take.
These people don't have a school, and because we play a very difficult topic, it's important to point out that slavery -- even sexual traffic happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants in the domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens by the way, but we don't see it.
Texture is another activity that we often relate to with slave labor.
Indian villages in which there were entire families enslaved in the silk trade.
This is a family.
The warm hands of black are the father, the slides of blue and red, of their children.
They mix pictures in these big barrels and turn the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the picture is toxic.
My interpretation told me their stories.
"We don't have freedom, they said.
"We still hope, however, can be able to go out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay us our job."
It's estimated that there are more than 4,000 displaced children in Lake Voluma, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a family of fishermen in a boat, two older brothers, some younger kids -- makes sense right?
Wrong. They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their translational families, disappeared and forced to work with extreme gardens in these boats in the lake despite not to know swimming.
This boy is eight years old.
When our boat came up was shooting up, it was the subject that his little canoe was been been been been been beautiful.
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling into the water.
The branches of the branches of the trees plunged in Lake Valley often catch networks and children, and fascinating and fear, are thrown into the water to unleash the branches.
Many of them are holding.
Since remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear of his love is not going to be supported, and like all life has been treated with cruel, it grows up to the younger slaves under his command.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they took the last networks, but they had been working from one one.
At night and fans.
And I had to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Koha.
Kofi was rescued in a village village.
I met it in a shelter where "Free the Solommatic related to the victims of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who would be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
So driving through a road in Ghana with sources of Free The Superstars, a shorter attack with his motor suddenly accelerate and supports our car and he played the window.
It asked us to follow it for a path of land to the jungle.
At the end of the road, we were inspired to go out of the car, and he asked the driver to go quickly.
And then I pointed out this path just visible and said, "This is the way, this is the road.
As we started to go down, we took the anti-people statements that blocked the road and after walking about an hour after we found that the path was attached by the recent rain, so I put the photo team on my head as we went down in these water to the chest.
After two hours of truck, the single way ended up absolutely in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all full of slave workers.
Many women had children tied to their backs, and as they were looking for gold, they would walk in water with a market.
The market is used in the prosthetic process.
These miners are enslaved at a wells in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were emphasized in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his early eyes, irritated, because many had been under Earth for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 meters and these people are carrying heavy bags of stone that then will be transported to another area where they will marry the stone so that they can extract the gold.
First of all, the site seems to be filled with strong and very vague men, but if we look closer to it, the margin we see to work on other less fortunate, and also children.
They're all victims of injuries and disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle would end up like this victim of tuberculosis and the mental convention in a few years.
This is Manhard. When his father died, his uncle took him to work with him in mines.
When he died his uncle, Manhattan inherit the debt of the uncle that force it to be slave in mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the lesion of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so severe that doctors said it should be a fireflie.
In addition to that, Manus has tuberculosis, and it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream of being released and educated with help of local activists like "Free The Superstars, and it's this kind of determination, from face to a remote possibility, which inspired me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will make testimony of them, and we will do everything to help change their lives.
I certainly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not magazines. They're people, real people, like you and I, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I think I don't think about these very beautiful people, launched, I've had the great honor to meet.
And I hope these images will come up with a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force goes into a fire, and that fire shoots light on slavery because, without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do a particular math and there's a peculiar problem for whom it does, we're like management consultants.
Nobody knows what we do.
So I'm going to try to explain to you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
We have the virtues of the whale and the slavery dancers that we'll see later.
But the whale demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of destruction, and probably certain initial attitude that can well have a genetic component.
Unfortunately, neurological disorders like Parkinson's evil destroyed this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Siliconneer, who, in his time, was a virtual dancer dance.
In the last few years it's been made a lot of progress in treatment.
However, there are 6.3 million people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable weakness, sharks, rich and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a target way, and ultimately, the only way we know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and certain metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of movement there are no biological markers, so they don't serve blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurological exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside of the clinical trials, they never do. It's never been done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to clinic. What if patients could do the exam themselves, themselves?
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as not conventional way to try it, you see, in a sense, at least, we're all virtual as my friend Jane Silicon.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal ropes.
It shows someone healthy as it emits sounds when you speak. We can imagine as dancers of a vocal whale because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes needed. The Philippines, for example.
And like the whale requires a level of extraordinary training.
We think about the time he takes a child learning how to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate around, and as well as Parkinson's affects extremism, it also affects the vocal organs.
On the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of sharp shame of vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
They are voluntary, voice and recycling.
The speech becomes more quiet and approached after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these experiences based on the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both of these are not invasive ones.
The neurological test is not invasive -- both of them use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are precise. Well, but also the evidence based on voice are not specialized.
That is, they can be advanced.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They are minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost so low, it appears to massive scale.
These are some incredible goals ready to address.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I wouldn't have to go to the clinic for the routine chest.
With high-speed monitor, we could get objective data.
We could do low cost mass for clinical trials, and for the first time, fantastic scans on the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biopsycripted biopsys before it's too late.
So by giving the first steps today in that sense, we're launching the vocal International Investigation.
Together and Palestinian and Patartics, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Any one or without Parkinson's, can call low price and leave records for cents -- and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Max, taking all these samples of, let's say 10,000 people, you might say who is healthy and who doesn't?
What will you take out of these samples?
Max Lincoln: Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether or not you have the disease. TR: Sure.
MT: You see, some people can not pass it. You may not end it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for limit the factors of confusion in search of real markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MT: Much more than that.
In fact, my student Tanzanians, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now has shown that it works on the mobile phone network too, which is a project that shoots the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy now.
TR: New and nine. Well, it's a improvement.
MT: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Little, public.
XL: Thank you, Tom.
Before March of March 2011, I was doing photographs in New York City.
We're place creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in the without windows and usually avoid sunlight.
We do the standard models even more delight, the perfect skin even more perfect we do the impossible, possible and criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste for images and photograph.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happened in Japan.
A little time later, an organization where it was voluntary -- there Hans Voliations, it was in the place working as part of the response team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't sit at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to Fund.
It's a little town of fishermen located in the 3D performance of almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the waves.
The water level recorded over 24 feet tall and more than three miles inside.
As you can imagine, the village was broken.
We take channels from the channels and the shoes.
We cleaned up schools. We take the slime up, and we leave the ready houses to be renewables and rentent.
We take tons and tons of dead fish, analysis, portrait of local factory.
We went up and loved us.
For weeks, both the volunteers found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of pictures and cameras and TV cards.
Everybody did the same thing.
You can pick them up and take them into different places of the people around to keep them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that those people had suffered.
As they go out of the wave, and to save their lives, they had to absolutely abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a village equality center.
It helped clean the communal toilets, the huge, giant barrels.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the contrast center is collecting the photos.
And they took them up and I had the honor that this day would trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring, I had heard the expression thinking beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I had to take myself out of my horizon that something happened.
When you look at the pictures, I found some who had over a hundred years and some of them were still in the lab, I couldn't help to think as a record how to fix that range and repair that rate and met hundreds of people who could do the same.
So that night entered Facebook contacted some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try.
So we started to record the photos.
This was the first of all.
I wasn't too stranger, but where the water had documented the face of the girl should be fixing with a lot of precision and deliberation.
Otherwise, that girl would not have the aspect of her, and that would be as tragic as having the present picture.
With the time of time, they got more photos and they needed more recorded so that I went back on Facebook and Linda and five days later, 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
At the end of two weeks, I had 150 people to join up.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Redwood, a neighbor people north of Manhattan.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had been installed where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time that they had to take in them is a different story, depending of course the impact of the photos.
I could involve an hour. I could implement weeks.
I could implement months.
This little girl had to draw virtually by hand using the areas whose color and detail the water had no destroyed.
I took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures plunged into salt water, covered by bacteria, with algae, even with oil, all of them together with the time of time continues to destroy them, so clean them by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't play the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been recruited by his owner of it.
We were lucky with a liver by hand.
We count with the guidance of an amazing neighbor.
It's very easy to damage even more the pictures of dates.
As Windows, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures had suffered to the photos.
He had started cleaning them up her but he stopped when he realized that he had even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to reconstruct the images in a single photo and pick up the whole picture.
When I picked up their pictures shared some of his story with us.
A few colleagues of their husband found the pictures in a fire station between the rubble that used to be their house, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the charge of closing the barriers into the waves.
It had to go inside the water while the synapses were sound.
Their little kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different school.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took a week to find his whole family and know that they all survived.
The day I handed her pictures his youngest son was 14 years old.
For her, despite all this, those pictures were the best gift I could do that, something that he could come back to look at, something that could remember the past that had not been marked by that March Day when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
And after six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined there having been helping us clean up over 135,000 pictures of the vast majority -- -- the vast majority of people came back to their owners -- important.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us return to 90 families completely rescued and recorded.
During this time, we don't really spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printer.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, someone dear it.
They are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take out of but the first thing we would take to look for.
This was what the project was about, to restore little pieces of humanity, to return to someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this goes back to somebody, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a huge difference in the life of the records.
Some of them connected them to something bigger with something bigger to come back, using their talent for something that are not thin models of perfect skin.
In order to end I'd like to read this email -- I sent him City the day I came back from Japan after six months.
While I was born, I couldn't stop thinking about people and stories shown in the images.
One particular picture, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small girl, gathered around a baby, committed, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, my mother, I and my daughter recently called our wall.
In the entire world, all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.  Allies.
Doctor Edgented inspired us astronomical and curious with this picture of a bullet that was running an apple in an exhibition of only one million seconds.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion dollars per second.
I present a new kind of photograph," the photographer, a new technique so fast that it can create video camera of light in motion.
And we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the line of vision, or seeing the inside of the body without using X-rays, and really challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser dot and turn it on, and I turn into a trillion seconds or whatever, in a number of inches to create a picture of pictures of just one millimeter wide.
And that package of photons, that bullet will travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet of it.
If we take that balance and this package of pictures and shoot in this bottle, how do you spread those pictures inside this bottle?
What is the aspect of light in slow motion.
Now, all of this.    Remember that all of this happens in less than a nanometer is what takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see the light in motion.
Coca-Cola did not take this research.  They have a lot of things in this film, and you have this information to show you what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet goes into the bottle with a picture of pictures that starts to go through it and that, in the inside, starts to shoot.
Part of the light goes down to the table, and we started seeing these conductions.
Many of the pictures finally get to the lid and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside the inside.
At that time, waves travel through the table, and because of the reflections at the top you see in the bottom of the bottle, after several ways, that the reflections concentrate to it.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet and we make the same distance and we see it in slow camera at about 10 billion times, how much do you think that would take us to sit at that movie to see that film.
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film --  from a slow bullet in motion.
And how about testing with dead nature?
You can see the waves that are expanded from the table, the tomato and the wall.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paints a picture, he thought, of a member at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this shot, you will realize that, as the light is appreciated from the tomato -- it's still brilliant. It's not discussing.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light bounces in its inside and it comes back after several trillion seconds.
In the future, when this member is in its mobile phone, they will be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT?
As a photographer, you know, if we take a low exposure, it gets very little light.
But we're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so you just get some light.
We sent that balance -- that pattern of photons -- millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very nice synthetic, we took those data galaxies and we put them computer to create those feminists that I showed you.
We can take all of those raw data and process them in an interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
And if a new power of a supernova future would allow you to see the sides?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door, rebuild, go into the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
We could extract those multiple robots of light.
It's not science fiction. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our demand.
Behind the wall there is a manipulation and we bounce light on the door.
After the publication of our article at National Committees.
And a small fraction of the pictures will go back to the camera, but interestingly, at times slightly different.
And as we have a camera that works like this, our democratic, it has unique capability.
It has very good temporal resolution and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what point corresponds to what distance is.
By projecting a laser you can record a picture of brutal, which you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like that, dozens of images, and we'll put them together and try to analyze the multiple light robots, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction here.
We have things to explore before we get this from the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what is around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build developers able to see the inside of the body supporting the body, and the same for cardiac.
But of course, because of tissue and blood, this is quite difficult, so this is actually a request to scientists so they start thinking about photography as a new amount of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
So as I did Edgend, he himself is a scientist, converted science in art, an art of flexible pictures.
I realized that all of the data giant that we collected is not just for scientific visualization, but we can be able to do that.
It will create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code.
And we look at those waves -- remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few trillion seconds.
But there is something fun.
If you look at the waves underneath the cast, these are getting away from us.
waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects -- to Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order of the events in the world sometimes appears to be invested in the camera.
By applying the corresponding warping of space and time, we can correct this distinction.
It's a time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a cell phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can take a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, put it to Long and get famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a child in 1984 and I live in the city of Berlin City.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people tried to look for change.
This is the fall of 1989, imagine if all these people who are refered to look for a change, had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who on the present have a cell phone here?
Get them.
Raise your mobile phone, take you away."
Get them. An Anthone, a Blackberry, water."
It's a lot. Almost everyone today has a mobile.
But today I'm talking about me, my cell phone, and how I changed life.
I'm going to talk about this.
These are 35,000 lines of information.
Data in gross.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a director.
Data Determant Declaration.
This directive says that every European telephone company, every single province of Europe, has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sends an email to who she sends to.
Who sent him a text to who he did.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
All this information is stored by at least six months, and even two years old, in its phone company or the Internet provider.
And all across Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data retirement.
We want the authority in the digital age, and we don't want the telephone to be able to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests all said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who went out on the streets of Berlin and said, "Liberty, not fear.
And some of them even said this would be 2.0 Studio.
The State was the secret police of Eastern Germany.
And I also wondered if this really works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile phone?
So I asked my telephone to do Souple, Hugot Telecomma, who was then the largest telephone company in Germany, who would please send me all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I was asking them to ask them, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah blah blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're protecting my life.
So I decided to start a court demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Hump Telecomma said, no, we won't give you this information.
At the end, we signed an agreement.
He would take the demand and they send me the information I asked me.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Turkey failed the innovation for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly piece of brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Three and 5,000 acres of information lines.
At the beginning, I saw them and I said, well, it's an enormous file, OK.
But after a while, I realized it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this file.
It was a little school, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the data feedback means.
So next to Keith Online and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can zoom up and go, go back and forward.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I go from Franklin on the train to Colombia, and how often I call in the journey.
All of this is possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then one calls the other, and the other one to the other, and we end up with this great network of communications.
You can see how your people communicate between know what time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who you talk to who, who sends you an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people on the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the State had known who involved in this protest, and, if the State had known who the leaders were, this had never happened.
The Berlin Wall, maybe never happened.
And as a result, neither of the Earth Court.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store so much information from us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever.
But the authority and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for authority.
You have to fight for that every day.
When they come home to tell their friends that privacy is a 21st century value and it's not past a fashion.
When you go home, tell your representation that only because companies and state agencies can store certain information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones that are served to remember that you have to fight for the power in the digital era.
Thank you.
Hello, TEDTalk, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello, TEDTalk, what happens?
I call myself May Zaph, and I'm not a bit, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, separating the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain palsy, so all the time.
Look at it.
It's a long. I'm like a Shakespeare mixture of Shakespeare.
and Muhammad Alart.
The P. C. is not genetics.
It's not rocket or you can get it.
No one was thrown out the uterus of my mother, and I didn't contract it because my parents were prime cousins, even though they are.
It only happens by accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration -- I don't want any of the present ones.
It feels bad about me, because at some point of life, they have wanted to be distributed.
Let's go from walk.
Christmas from Christmas are in the commercial center, drive in circles in search for parking and what do you see?
16 empty empty places.
And they think, "God, can I be at least a little distinct?
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and the P. C. is just one of them.
There was an outbreak of the operation, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a malaria, Muslim, woman, discussion and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park Slipper, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same ends.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with cerebral palsy, don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the "No."
My father's mantra was, "You can make it done." dance.
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I cleaned up.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents were sued to the school system and made sure that I was also outside, and if we didn't take all the most most of us all we all got on my mother's story.
My father taught me how to walk at the age of five years by putting my talents on his feet and just walking.
Another technique that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me to get it to it.
The spring I carry inside was very strong.
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden walked as a boat campaign that has received many shortcuts.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs and keep all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we weren't Italian.
This was before 9/11, and the politicians would think about using "The Muslims as a campaign laser.
The people I grew up didn't have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry about a lot of hunger during the range.
I told you that I had enough fat to live three months without eating, and so to help the dawn of the standard is very easy.
Bay is in Broadway, Bangladesh.
Yes, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with cookies, or I can walk with tactics.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a girl, so if my friends used touch, I was too.
And when my friends were going to spend summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I didn't go.
I spent my summer in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Mandalah.
On the summer vacation often my father was trying to get married, so I was drinking leather milk, I was put hot calories on my back, I was immersed at the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "Work, work."
But the miracle cure was the police.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I made yoga it was a submission comedian who couldn't stand up and stand up.
And now I can hold on your head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be on the General Hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the U.N. University, because I went into all the lights.
It was like the male lamp of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least intelligent, I took the maximum note in my classes and also in their classes.
Every time I made a scene of the glass box my teachers were crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the E.U. decided to make a work called Bay very slow in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with brain paralysis.
I was a girl with brain paralysis.
So I started shouting at the four winds, "The end will have a paper on it.
I have brain paralysis."
At the end of the fire." At the end of it.
Thanks to God something, I am fine-tuned."
I didn't get the paper.  You gave it to South Brown Brownes.
I went to interview running to the director of the theater, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask why and she told me that because they believed I couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't make the risk scenes -- neither can the character."
It was a role for which he literally was born and gave it to an actor.
The university was mimicking my life.
Hollywood has a state of publishing actors without disability papers for disabled.
In graduate school, I came home, and my first actor was like a television in a novel.
My dream became reality.
And I knew it would be associated by "The "Peer Ladies Last Friend in a sea.
Instead, I was there as a garden. I didn't see more than the knot, and it was obvious for me that the report directors were not going to hire actual actors, not white, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Whoa Golden, Rosetta Barry, Ella, and all these women had one thing in common: they were committees.
And so I became humorous.
In my first tour, I took famous cartoon cartoon from New York to New Jersey, and I would never forget the face of the first cartoon that he took when I fell into the account that I was going to high speed by the New Jersey highway, with a driver that had brain palsy, had a crowd that had cerebral paralysis.
I worked in clubs across the United States, and also in Arab in the Middle East, without censorship and without flew.
Some people say I'm the first monopoly of the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know you never heard that little unpleasant rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother from another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the New York City Festival in New York, now in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Americans in the media, and at the same time you can remind the discovery directors that South Africa and Arab are not simplicity.
To integrate the Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the specialist of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was as invited to the cable news program behind with Keith Obesidi.
I walked into a graduate dance, I was dragged to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Discovery, can you give me another chair?
She looked at me and said, "Five, four, three, two.
And we were live.
So I was clinging to the desk desk to not go out of the screen during the sector, and when I finished the interview, I was pale up.
I finally had my opportunity and the developer -- I knew they wouldn't invite up.
But not only Mr. Olympic came back to invite me, but I was kind of a full-time participant of my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Obesidi was that people on the Internet are school.
It's said that kids are cruel, but they never made fun of me or a girl or any more.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a big object.
I see clips online with comments like, "Why the time?
Is it shot?
And my favorite favorite bit of terrorist.
What disease does it have?
We should really pray for it."
A comment suggested even that I would add my disability to my current," ride, committed, paralyze.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in the wheelchair can't make Bearling, then Bebria can't make someone in the wheelchair.
The disciplines are -- yes, clap, man. Come on.
The disabled minerals are the largest minority in the world, and the most survivors in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said he won't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grown up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would take less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children.
My tourist journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I went to walk through the red carpet from the tendency of the Telescope Sunday Lovelian and the Albert Arab clean.
I got to act in a film with Adam Sandring and working with my pain, the incredible Dave Matthan.
The world is going to get the Arabs crazy.
I was detected in a great state of New Jersey state in 2008.
And I founded "The Mass Children, a beneficial organization to give kids Palestinian refugee to a tenth of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting live, and I dedicated this talk to his memory.
"Span peace, dad."
I call myself May Zangi, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a little boy of a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a small village in the South Side of Somalia.
This village is near Mozambar.
The droughts drive the small village to poverty and the brink of initiative.
Without anything to him, it goes to the big city, in this case, Movember, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside Moumskata.
After maybe a developed year, nothing.
A day is about a gentleman who offered him to take it to lunch, after dinner, to be held down.
It knows a dynamic group of people who give him a design.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, to his family.
They present a young one.
It finally gets home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life target.
A beautiful day in Mozambar, under a blue sky, is a car bomb.
That kid from that little village with the dreams of the big care was the suicide terrorist and that dynamic group of people were to Scottone, a terrorist organization connected to the Galapago.
So how do the story of a little town of a small town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him increasing?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he came in.
This was the first thing that he pulled out of what we call "the waiting period."
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It is the story of the marriages, young urban urban drivers who have destroyed riots in Johannesburg -- they have riots in London, who look for something beyond the period of the waiting.
For young people, the city promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of work, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest unemployment.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the story of the period of the waiting peak," the access door to terrorism, to the violence, to the pants, to be the history of the cities.
And in my city of birth, Modival, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent don't work, doesn't go to school.
They don't do practically anything.
I went back to Mozambara last month, and I went to visit the Middle Hospital -- the hospital where I was born.
I remember being before that hospital dragged to balls thinking, and if I would never have been gone?
What if I had been forced to be in that same waiting period?
Would I have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure about the answer.
The reason I was in Mozambara that month was actually to bring up a juvenile leader in a corporate community.
It's about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat down and we had a rain of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Daniel.
He went to the University of Mozambar, graduated.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, because he was a graduate university, unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recruited by it.
They looked for people like him.
But this story takes a different way.
In Mozambara, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to the B are the streets.
Visit years of civil war have completely destroyed the vertical system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move around.
You see an opportunity and the approach.
It started a motorcycle company.
It started by rent motorcycle to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of tons over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What makes this story different?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the period of waiting.
It makes young people to be the creators of economic opportunities who are looking at so desperately for you.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mouse Mouse, a flower.
I was helping to train some of the young people at the summit of corporate initiatives and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mozambara has seen in over 22 years, and until Muhammad came up, until Muhammad came in, if you wanted to get flowers for your wedding. We were playing plastic sent from the outside.
If you asked somebody, "When was the last time you saw fresh flowers and from?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, "No."
So, Muhammad saw an opportunity.
It started a company of landscapes and flowering design.
I created a farm on the outskirts of Mozambara, and he started growing Tulissis and liberals, which was said to be able to survive the hard collaboration of Mozambar.
And it started the delivery of flowers for wedding boards, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies in the city, and now he's working in the creation of the first public park of Mozambaran in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mozambar.
He wants to create a space where families -- young people, they can go together, and as he says, smell the proverbial rose.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, Mouring had a really profound impact in young people.
They never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGOs, working for the government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
He encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that they could be a change artists.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They identified business solutions for local problems.
So, inspiring young people and creating a business spirit culture is really a big step, but the young people need capital to do their ideas.
They need experience and orientation to guide them in development and put out their business burning.
They connect the young people with the resources that they need, to get the support that they need to move from consciousness to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mountain is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, this is how it calls it, when it's created, transforming the way people see their city.
They added the street kids to help rent and keep the motor for him.
I gave them a chance to escape the paralyzement of the waiting peak."
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is: turn young people into entrepreneurs, they include and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and parks of peace than buttons and "specialist periods."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to match my dad in the Marshall mountains, an area added north of the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest focused.
The sun made the leaves would shine as a vital, and not to be the way we followed, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings in losing that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a collapse in a record with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the coverage there was a bank from about four square feet with apple hair balls of aluminum pilot balls and old catcher.
And I was advertised, I was very angry, incredibly confused.
The campaigns who were too lazy to pull out what they had brought on, who thought he was going to clean their battery?
That question followed with me, and it was just a little bit.
Who clean our battery?
No matter how you organize or where you put our "Our Our Basement Basement Bash Barry in Starboo?
Who clean our trash in Rio or Paris or in London.
Here in New York, the Department of Sanica clean our trash -- to 11,000 tons of waste and 20,000 tons of recycled products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that job.
What does the uniform feel like to use that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled on the trucks and walked through his tracks and interviewed people in office and facilities around the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an interface.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a garbage collector.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drive.
And I would operate the mechanical scales and bar the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as prevalent as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong you get used quickly.
It costs a lot to use the weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies continue to adjust the weight of taking over their body tons of garbage every week.
There's also the danger.
According to the Office of Laboratorie statistics, the collection of waste is one of the ten most dangerous options in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and coming into the traffic all day and you're going through around you.
They just want to go, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's really bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is filled with dangers that often fall from the truck, and they provide terrible damage.
I also learned about the major baseball of garbage.
When you go out of the container and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
Never stop coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It should always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that the stigma is especially ironic because I think the records of waste are the most important workforce in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health protection.
If you don't get rid of the desperates efficiently and effective every day, this starts to wake up from their container and their delivering dangers threatened us in very real forms.
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start giving us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old thing, we don't have space for what the motors of the economy start to fail when it is in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, I just sign its relationship.
And then there is what I call our average speed day.
So with that, I mean just the speed that we used to move into the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about, we don't repair or we clean or take our coffee cup -- our back of the singers, our water bottle.
We use them, we take them, we forget about them, because we know that there is a work force on the other side that will get rid of it.
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and sustainable city.
His work, I think, is almost milk.
They're on the street every day, radiation.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait.
And their job allows us to do our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us safely leaves ourselves from ourselves, from our own waste, our designers, and that flow is always supposed to keep a way or another.
One day after September 11, 2001, I heard the friend of a record truck on the street, I grabbed my little son and I pulled the stairs running up, and there was a man doing his paper recycled translator as he did all the Wednesday all the way.
And I tried to thank him for doing his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just attacked, and he said, "We're going to be fine.
We're going to be fine.
Shortly after that I began to investigate the record of waste and come back to that man.
It's called Paul, we worked together many times, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to figure out how we exist on this planet as we have to include and have in account all costs, even the very real human cost of the labor of labor.
Moral waste, what we think when we talk about trash. They represent three percent of the amount of waste waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of his days and his lives, the next one who sees someone whose job is to clean the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking in our community life by forming part of the environment where architecture is naturally born from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are situated in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of various stories in Ethiopia, Adams Abdu.
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example, my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out running."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to rescue it.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the review with crystals generates heat in the interior, so you need a lot of facilitator.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees during the year.
And thirdly, his appearance has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a penny that is going to be so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really careful with the ancient market that is this free air structure where thousands of people, they go and buy things every day to little sellings.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, from various floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by designing the site, which is located in a much growing area of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see on the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets, including all the entries of the building.
And this extends with an inclined approach that creates a space to free air in the building that goes away, for its own form, of the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes on every floor because of the shape of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responds to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to an ant cartoon with professionals to allow the air input and also the light, but in a filter way.
We then inspired in these beautiful buttons of the eyes of the ethics.
They have the properties of the fractal geometry, and this helped me model the factory.
We're building that with these little pieces of pieces that are the windows that allow the air to spend air and light in a controlled way inside the building.
This is combined with these little colors of colors that use light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
And with these ideas it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a commercial center. It wasn't what we asked."
But we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the shopping center of the commercial center because it was more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not just because of the material compared to the glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have conditioning air.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy energy for the building in a city where electricity is almost every day.
So we got a big advantage by putting photos on the roof.
And then under those panels we think about the roof as a new public space with meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these parts on the roof, which is in the middle collect water for the health sanctitions.
It's expected for early year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest thing that I have designed, needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia but also his environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the middle, a 1,000 year-old structure who was surrounded by a wall with twelve acres of access connected by near straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was to expand the existing streets, creating 12 basic blocks similar in size and features to the ones in Barcelona and other cities from Europe with these papers.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic dots in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the little cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate.
And it's northern, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we set up a scheme that ensures most of the apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with papers, and then on the low plant we have all the connections for pedestrians for them.
And it also responds to local norms that make a greater density on higher levels and a lower density on the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost how to retract the community the space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can go up and society, and make things like running a two kilometers in the morning, or jump from one building to another.
These two examples have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes communities and local economies at the same pace that the buildings grow.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment, and they have a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class. It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
I had a lot of very bright hair and a little bit of pencils, cute -- it was super strong for the capital of states, very good for profession.
I ended up that year and I was filled with challenges, until I tried my sinister plan.
One day I stayed a time after the school came out, I was a little late and I hid in the bathroom of girls.
When the coast was straight up, I went out in the classroom, I took off the table of my teacher the book of grades.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my river, just a little bit, just some of it.
All of them.  And I was willing to go back to the book in the box, but to see, some of my other partners had very good notes as well.
So in a sentence, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put every row from C and myself a row of A's, just for being there, because I could.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came from.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never caught me.
It was that everything was desperately obvious.
They never found me.
But above all, I would download the reason why I was bothered that this girl, so small, was so good at profession.
I was intrigued by the cells.
They're so mysterious and so penguin.
We know that babies suffer from cells.
Also the primates. The blue birds are very proportional.
We know that the cells are the number one cause of charges in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzes loneliness or long duration or sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because the novels are like the laboratory that the cells are studying in all of their possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no cells, I would have no literature.
Well, there would be no Helen the infinite, no "design."
There would be no green king or "The 1,000 and a night.
There would be no Shakespeare.
They took off the reading lists of high school, because we'd be losing "The Robotic and Future, there was no "Sahara or Prize." We would lose "Momma Bombay" and "Angel K.
No cells, there's no Project. I know it's fashionable to say that Project has the answers for everything, and in terms of the classrooms, almost that they have all of them.
So this year is 100 years of his masterpiece, "In "Look for Looking for Looking at Lost Time," the most exhaustive study of sexual cells and also of the ordinary competition, mine, everything we could have.  And thinking about Project, we have the sensory details, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a marriage market in your launch.
We forget how hard that image.
We forget how important it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Wolf said were as hard as cat trick.
I don't know what the cat crew looks like, but we assume it's super.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the chesters, the skies and Project.
Is it going to be very obvious as the cells, which are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their printings, are a well-being narrative based?
I don't know. I think we got very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel cells.
When we feel closes, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being at the time of narratives and audience, we know exactly what details to do, to clear the knife, right?
The cells make us all amateur noises, and that's something that Project understood.
All that she does to give me pleasure could give me pleasure to another, maybe right now."
And he starts to say to itself that story, and since then, Proust says that every single sentence that Sungary detects in his lover -- he adds it to his collection of tracking instruments on his private camera.
You have to admit that Sangamman and Project, they were notoriously classroom.
You know, Project bones would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break up with it.
But you don't have to be so close to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The cells are allegiated.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And how are the chairs?
The cells are nutrient from information.
The cells use the details.
The hairs like the large amounts of bright hair and the cute and small set of pencil states.
The cells are nutrient from the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful --  Project links the language right with the chest of them.
When Sweden is in his charge of hair, suddenly listening behind the doors and bribe to the services of their lover, then it affects those behavior.
He says, "Look, I know that this is reductional, but it's not different from the interpretation of an ancient text or looking at a monument."
He says, "It's scientific research with real intellectual value."
Project is trying to prove that the hairs look supply and make us seem absurd, but in their mind, they're looking for knowledge, search for truth, a painful truth. In fact, what Proust will be -- the more painful the truth, the better.
The pain, the humility, the loss -- these were the pathways to the wisdom of Project.
He says, "A woman who we need to make us suffer in us a lot of more profound and vital feelings than a wise man that can be interested."
Is it telling us that we are going to look for cruel women?
No. I think it's trying to say that the cells reveal ourselves.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals us our approach, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look with such a peaceful intensive?
Freud writing about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a young young man who was consumed with the idea that his woman was fooled.
And Freud says that there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife was doing.
Because she was innocent. Everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspected without any cause.
But he looked for things that his wife did, without realizing investigative behaviors.
Do you smile too much? Or accidentally recorded with a man?
Freud says that the man was becoming the cockroach of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how the cells do to look at intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more we are, the more we are, the more we become a fantasy resistance.
And because of this reason, I think, the cells lead us to do violent or illegal act.
The cells drive us to behave completely indicated.
Now I'm thinking about my case at eight years, I recognize it. But I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman of Michigan of 52 years of age was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook from the one that was sent by flying messages to himself, for a year.
For a year. Every year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his former boy -- I have to confess that when I or this, I reacted with administration.
Because, let's be realistic.
What enormous even though unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
Like a novel of a Patrick Highway novel.
Historic is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the "Flavor Autopsystem in a Transparency, and "The Taleart Mr. Ripper, books that are trying to have the hairs confuse our minds, and once we are on the sphere, in the kingdom of the cells, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be drill in an instant.
Let's take Tom Rippy, his most famous character.
Tom Ripportive is going to run or want what you have to get away from your being and to get out of what you ever had, and it's under the floor. It responds to your name, he takes your rings, empty your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Ripper.
I can't give you the rest of the world, as long as I sometimes wanted to.
It's a shame, because we live in a time of envy.
We live in the times.
I mean, are we good citizens of social networks, where is the sound of sensitive? Right?
The novel shows us the one? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in front of a mystery.
Let's go to Banda Street and ask for Shergex Hollywood.
When people think about Hollywood, they think about the curse.
But I've always preferred -- "The Hello Lester, the face head of Scott Harriss who needs Hollywood, needs the generation of Hollywood, but it bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Lester needs his help, but it responds, and bubble with ambition in each of the mysteries.
But as you work together, something starts to change, and eventually in "The Airment of Six National, once Hollywood comes in, it draws all of them with his solution, Lester comes back to Hollywood and says, "We're not slow, Mr. Hollywood.
We are proud of you."
And he tells him there's no person at Second Qaed who wouldn't want to shake your hand.
It's one of the times that we see Hollywood translated in history. It seems very excited. That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the cells as a problem of geometry, without emotion.
You know, in a minute Hollywood is the opposite side of Lester.
The next minute they're on the same side.
All of a sudden, Lester allows you to admire that idea of being he received.
Could it still be so simple?
What if the cells are really a matter of geometry, just a question of where we allow us to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get away from the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the coordination plans.
So as we wait for that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction to consume us.
Only the fiction.
The fiction used the dominant, the invites to the table.
And look at what it addresses: the Leah Lester, the lander Tom Ripper, the crazy Sweden, the same Mark Project.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Burn Aldrin was out of the moon moon of Apollo 11 and he went down on the Marine of Transmitter.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence in the surface gray was the culmination of a collective collective process.
The Apollo program was the biggest movement in the history of the U.S. history.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the crew of Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo program was, 24 men traveled to the moon.
He walked on their surface, which Alzheimer's death last year, is now the oldest one.
So why did they go?
They didn't bring a lot of the comes back, 380 pounds of old rocks, and something that 24 was going to be facing later, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why did they go? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962, give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some questions, why the moon?
Why do we turn it into our goals?
And they could also ask, why scale the highest mountain mountain?
35 years ago, why fly about the Atlantic?
Why does it play Rice against Texas play?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Pondoevolute: For the contemporary content, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
At the time, the strongest emotion was to wonder before the transition of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do it.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological trade.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, you eradicated the pollinators and you remove smallpox.
The technology seemed to be what Alvin Tongo in 1970 called an accelerating force."
For most of the history of humanity, we could not go faster than a horse or a sailing boat, but in 1969, the Apollo Turkey crew flew to 40,000 miles wide.
Since 1970, no human being has come to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo 10, and the joyful optimism about the power of technology has evolved to see that problems that we imagine technology would solve like going to Mars, creating a clean energy, to cure the cancer, or feed the world population seem to have an incredible outcome.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he didn't look at the classroom called from the Rotan Satel rocket.
I knew that this would be the last mission, but I was completely sure I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that of something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it over the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologies had been distracted and increased with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, or algorithms that speed up the automated sales.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a partial explanation in Silicon Valley, which convinced that they have created less ambitious companies than those of the years in which Intel -- Michael, Apple and General.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in concrete the incentives that risk capitalists offer entrepreneurs to business.
Silicon Valley says that the investment of risk caused the creation of transformative ideas for the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what goes wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when risk capitalists were at their final point without worrying about risk, they prefer small investments -- minimum investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The C. they've always had problems to invest with benefit in technologies like energy, who need huge capital and whose development is in the long term, and they have never invested in development of technologies that are destined to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are things more important than doing on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biology. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
The coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than biologist.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, technologies, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties would incentivize the development of an alternative energy, mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the carbon price.
But there is no hope in the current political climate today that we will see an energy policy from America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that look like technology, it turns out not to be.
We know from the time that famine is result of failure in food department.
But 30 years of research have taught us that females are political crisis that affects catastrophic food distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage and food rate, but there will be famine while there were bad governments.
Finally, the big problems are sometimes producing a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1971, but we soon found that there are many kinds of cancer, some terribly resistant resistance to treatment, and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective and viable.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be presented: political leaders and population must want to solve the problem, the institutions must support the solution, it should actually be really a technological problem, and we should understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the capacity of technology to solve big problems, it meets those criteria.
But it's a professional model in the future.
We're not in 1966.
There is no government competition like at the Cold War, there's no politician like John Kennedy who has held hard and dangerous, and there's no popular science mythology like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
It was just three days.
And actually, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't lack the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by reminding you the general ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they have become cliche of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a really really demand of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal: we should have more confidence.
And the third one is a task: We should recover confidence.
I think reading, objective and task have been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a reader, a goal and a task that I think gives you a more clear idea on the subject.
First of all, why do people think trust has demanded?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I am inclined to think that it may have gone down in some activities or institutions and that could have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can turn to the opinion polls and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were described 20 years ago, mainly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same discovery.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still quite confident, judges, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and, by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway by half a way.
But is this evidence enough.
What the opinion polls are recording are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask certain questions.
Do you trust the politicians, trust the teachers?
Now, if someone would ask you, "Do you trust the surrounds?
Do you trust the fishermen?
Are you going to trust your primary teacher?
You probably started to ask, "What do you think to do what?
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you have answered your question, "Well, I trust some of you -- but in other non-player."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to break the confidence differently.
We don't assume the level of trust that we're going to feel like a certain kind of official or functional or person, it's going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, to say I trust a certain teacher of primary that I know to give you the kind of reading, but no way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all of that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to obvious the good judgment into the fact of trusting something or somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I will pursue about.
I would aim to have more confidence in what is a trust market, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a paradigm to not trust what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who were describing their savings with the very closely called Mr. March, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, they were too confident.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Confident confident or denied with intelligence, that's the right goal.
Once you say, you say, yes, okay, that means that what matters first is not trust but trustworthiness.
What is about to do a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think that in order to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competitive? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we found that a person is competitive in the permanent matter, and it's responsible and honest and then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, on the contrary, they're not responsible, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competition and honest, but I didn't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they're forget.
I have friends who are very sure they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm really glad to say that I don't have a lot of friends who are competition and responsible but extremely democratic.
If it is that, I haven't been perceived yet.
But that's what we're looking for, trustworthiness.
trust is the answer.
trustworthiness.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last decades, we've tried to build systems of accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so forth, that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a piece and he said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper than the dead of the digital?
And we found the same problem in all our public life, and institutional life, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trust and trust, actually is doing the opposite.
What they do is to figure out the work of the people who have to make hard tasks, like the parts, demand that they market the cases, as we say.
I'm sure you all know similar examples.
All that, by the target.
I think the goal should be more confident, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust, and we will transmit to the people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or political are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, simple actions, attitudes, what it doesn't do properly.
Third, the task.
It's going to call the task rebuild the trust, put things backwards.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild confidence.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct the trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust -- ultimately, it's different because we have other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases so you can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive -- usually to all people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to give you detailed evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That is done every day, everywhere, does the common people, the officials -- the institutions, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I bought my ratings says I can bring them back to me without giving answers.
I take them and get my money back, or they change them by the color I want.
That's great. I trust them because they themselves became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson on that.
If you get vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust, and you have trust in what you're saying.
So at the end, I think what we're pointing on is not something very hard to discuss.
What people trust is the relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers we have come to us to reduce the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where imagination can be decorated.
This separation has been reduced, increasingly and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to all.
But I ask myself, and if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that goes inside digital space, so that when the strong force against the screen transforms its physical body to pigs.
Designers can kill their ideas directly at 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool you break the barriers.
But the two hands remain still out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of hands?
In the Microsoft Space divide of Microsoft, along with my mentor Cataro Borner, I was redesigning the computer and turned a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
By combining a transparent bombsight with depth cameras to detect the fingers and the face, you can now raise the hands of the keyboard, get into the inside of the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as taking a book from a shelf.
You can cut the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is below every floating screen.
architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with hands.
In these examples, we enter in the digital world.
And if we invest the paper and make digital information come to us?
And surely, many of us will have bought and return things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is an online promise on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device in your head or transported when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
What would a future look like?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi So my collaborator Red Post, we created this only physical pixel.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D pixel in space, which means that the computer as the users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Similarly, what we did was that we did it an annual gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors combination.
And as you program digitally the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and come back and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach correlations physically and at the distance and the famous shot of Michael Jordan, you can reproduce as a physical reality the times we wanted to.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the planet movement, the physics, and unlike the monitor or text books, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not only going to show us something but to start acting directly about us as part of the physical world around us without having to hide our world.
We started talking about today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a geometry for two years in Hunting, China, in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer to an athletes school with all the paid spending.
But my mother tiger said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed that there was only a closed path to happiness -- a safe job and so forth.
No matter whether the work I'd like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese singer sing.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer must begin to train from very young to learn the architects, so I tried everything I could to go to opera school.
I wrote to the director of school and the president of a radio program.
But no adults took the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, no authority, like me.
This was what it was like at the age of 15 years, I knew it was too much greater to train.
My dream would never be done.
There, during the rest of my life, a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I solved looking for another voice.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
It goes to the books.
"The "The Company "The Chair Collectors of Nano Hump found in the United States in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese campaign life.
And it's not propaganda. I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation, "Heyorby your father and your mother."
"Hey, I said, "It's so different, and much better than obesity."
So it became my tool to come out of this confusing guilt complete and reinforced the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit as well.
It makes a lot of perspectives.
For example, at first, this map seemed to me out of place because this is what students in China learn.
I had never occurred to it, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Comparison is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to fields of research as comparable religion and comparative literature.
Comparing and contraction, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if corporate reading worked to research, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can deal with people "White Franklin from Walter Massachusett Johnson Machine who were involved in one way, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, the temptation is economic, political and spiritual technologies.
By Buddha, they're all psychologists, lust, fear and social subject. Interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The path of Change Tube Thomas Mergue The Stone The Talk Random Ran instead of losing in translation. I found you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation I realized that happiness in Chinese literally means "a quick "like ... Japan."
And "Jewish in Chinese, literally means new mother." Oh.
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know that I'm not going to go back to feeling it alone or impossible.
Having a destroyed dream is really nothing compared to what many others have suffered.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
You can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, which I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clarity, most of the time.
So the books always take them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20, I saw my first concept of psychotherapy.
I was a documentary student in the clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26-year-old woman named Alex.
Alex walked into the first session using vaccines and a hair poll, and he threw up in my office of my office taken off the shoes and said he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so light.
My class of class had a pyramid like first client customers.
And I took a veteran I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the jokes that Alex brought to the sessions, it made me easy only to move my head while we went back the solution.
"The top is the new venture," he said, Alex, and so I saw her, she was right.
You start working later, home later, you have children later, even death happens later.
For vegetables like Alex and I had a time of saving.
But shortly later, my supermarket press me to press Alex to talk about his loving life.
I was resistant.
I said, "Of course, it's coming up with guys under your category, and it comes up with a hollow head, but it's not as if you were to marry it."
And then my supermarket said, "It's not not, but maybe it's married with the next one.
In addition, the best moment to work in Alex marriage is before it came up."
This is what psychologists call a "Air moment.
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they used to, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex to be a pause in their development.
This made the 20s of Alex the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign neuroscience was a real problem and had real consequences, not only for Alex and his loving life, but for the careers, the families and the future of vegetables everywhere.
There are 50 million candles in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that nobody gets to adulthood without spending before by the 1970s.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the vegetables here.
Oh, yeah. They're amazing.
If you work with vegetables, you love a vegetation, you remove the dream a vegetation, I want to see. It's fine. Incredible, the real versions matter.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and times "Air: that they shape your life will have happened to when you have 30 and so many.
People from over 40 -- they don't train in panic.
This audience is going to be fine, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money you will win.
We know that more than half the Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends its second and final stage of growth in its 20s and represented for adults, which means that if there's something that you want to change themselves, now it's the moment to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during its 20s than at any time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to its tail at 18, and things become complicated at 35 percent.
The 20 is the moment to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which your daily and common life has an impact on the person who will become it.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the vegetables are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the line of adulthood.
The researchers call the 20s an extended adolescence.
journalists give them ridiculous names to the vets like "The Twitters and "The Kits."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a triangle that is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernarian said that to achieve great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it?
What do you think happens when you give you a chip on your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and not absolutely nothing.
And then every day, smart vegetables, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know that my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count -- I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "You all say that as a career starts a career before the 30, everything will be right."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20s are going to end up and I still have nothing to show.
I had better curriculum the day I graduated from university.
And then he starts to sound something like this: "My quotes during the 20 were like the game of chairs.
They all run and fun, but then at some point around the 1930s, the music came out, and everybody started to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stay stop, so I sometimes think that I married my husband because he was the closest chair when I was 30."
Where are the windows here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme. But don't worry, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there is a huge pressure to the top, and so many of them to start a career, choose a city, choose a mate, and have two or three children in a much more short time.
Many of these things are not compatible and there are research that starts to show that it's much more difficult and stressful to do everything at the age of 30.
The media crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
To realize you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
A lot of tribes and quantum people see themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was he doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the vegetables are doing and thinking.
Here's a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman named Emmanuel.
At the age of 25, Emma came to my office because he was in his own words, having a crisis of identity.
He said he'd like to work in art or entertainment, but you still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a moment.
As I was cheaper, I lived with a girlfriend who showed more early than ambition.
And despite a very difficult 20, their previous life was even more difficult.
He cried often in our sessions, but then she got up herself by saying, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma came up with his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
He had just bought a new line for director, and he had spent all the morning calling it with his many contacts but then she stayed looking at the empty space that follows after the words "Is called emergency, please.
I was at the point of the story when he saw me and said, "Who is going to be for me if I have a car accident.
Who is going to take care of me if I give me cancer?
At that time, I took a lot of work to resist and not say, "Aye."
What Emma needed was not a therapy that really cared about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as well as just sitting in the early decade of Emma was going on.
So, over the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all the ventilation, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma that he will forget that crisis of identity and get identity capital.
By capital, I mean doing something that adds value to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emmanuel career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, of that internal, of that company that you want to test.
I'm not cutting out the ventilation exploration, I'm looking at the exploration that shouldn't count, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's practice.
I told Emma to explore jobs and I would tell them to tell.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are survived.
The best friends are excellent to get to the airport, but the vegetables that are together with similar minds are limited to who they know -- what they know about, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital -- that new person who comes out almost always comes from outside of their closest circle.
The new things come from what they're called weak friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the vegetables have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half no, and the weak links are the way to hit this group.
Half of the working jobs never published, then, knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way you get a non-profit job.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a ventilation, Emma soon chose to choose his family, when he has a partner and his own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had come.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to sit head than 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But choose to the person you live now or answer you now when everyone on Facebook, they start to walk towards the altar.
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that means being as clever in love as you are at work.
Choice your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just making it work or killing time with whoever I choose you to you.
So what happened with Emmanuel?
Well, we looked at that principal, and she found the roommate of a cousin that worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a work there.
That piece of work gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that he lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organized organizations in museums.
This married with a man who chosen constantly.
I love his new career, love his new family, and I sent a letter that said, "Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough.
Emma story can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with vegetables.
It's very easy to help them.
Veneus is like planes coming out of the angle of Los Angeles, which come somewhere in the West.
Just before the desperator, a slight journey in his trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or Fix.
In the same way, at 21 or at 25, and even at the age of 19, a good conversation, a good description, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generations.
This is my idea to spread all the ventilations you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to say to Alex Alexander.
This is what I now have the privilege of saying to vegetables like Emma every day: The third is not the new 20, they raise their adult capital, they get identity capital, they use their weak lines, choose to your family.
Don't let it define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding work in general consulting for a work that was even more exercise, the decision.
I went to teach them mathematics to seat students in New York City.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and tests.
I give you tasks.
When the work comes back, he calculated the grades.
What I called the attention was that the CD was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the people who had a better performance didn't have zero patterns.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of thing you need to learn in mathematics in the seventh grade, sure, are difficult, proportions, decisions, the area of a parallel.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and over time enough.
After several years of doctor, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know about how to measure better way.
It's the B, but what if having success in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn faster and easy.
So I left the classrooms, and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and every study my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the military Academy Western Academy.
We tried to predict what chains would remain in military training and who would remove.
We went to the National School of Delhi, and we tried to predict what kids would move on the most far possible in competition.
We study novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking us what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the school and of those who will be the most effective in improving the learning of their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking yourself, which of these marketers are going to keep their job point?
And who is going to make more money?
In all those very different contexts, a feature like an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't the social intelligence.
It wasn't the good look, physical health and wasn't the C.
It was determination.
Determination is passion and perseverance.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to cling to their future, day after day, not just a week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to do that future a reality.
Determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a race at all.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools of Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who made my determination questionnaires and then wait about more than a year to see who they were gradually.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater chance of graduation, even when I was eating them in every feature I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized evidence -- even security that children feel when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Point or at the National Congress of Delett in which it matters. It's also in school, especially for kids in risk of abandoning it.
For me, the most important thing about determination is how little we know, how little science knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a solid job of work?
How do you keep them motivated for the long trick?
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give you determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that simply don't go ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the ultimate determination is not related to or is even related to the talent measure.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth mentality."
This is an idea developed at the University of Stanford by Carol Dochbea, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed -- that it can change the effort.
Dr. Dog has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grows in response to the challenge, they're much more likely to serve when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have in front of it.
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest intuitions and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they have been successful, and we need to be willing to fail, to get wrong, to start all again with the lessons learn.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids more determined.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as the daughter of a calorie, one of my most crowded memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and the shape of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I wonder about this incredible language.
But for a foreign abroad, it seems as unlikely as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can break this wall, so that so whoever wants to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and fast method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the tractions of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic understanding 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read traffic signals, restaurant menus -- understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open your mouth as much as you possibly be paralyzed.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
Person.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was shouting in a fragile way, "Allighabili: I'm slowing up -- this symbol is actually original to the form of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a pair of door door in the old west.
I call these eight characters.
They are building blocks to create a lot more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's following.
As the old said, two are company, three are multiple.
If a person would hold their arms, this person is saying "I was like this big."
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner as Jonas inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the fingers.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a baby."  Easy to remember, because a party tree is quite idiot.
Remember the fire?
Two fire fires together, very hot.
Three fire fires together, that's a lot of call.
Put the fire under the two trees, that is burn up.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, prosperous together.
Three together, those are flashes.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brilliant.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out over the horizon. Atraised up.
A door. Put a board inside the door, it's the heart of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Did you touch someone at home?
This person is coming up hiding from a door, scaling, evidence.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, have care is adult.
So we've already gone through 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical will allow you to build 32 dollars.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, they'll be able to learn a couple hundreds of characters -- which is the same thing as an eight-year-old child.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a mountain of fire. It's a volcano.
We know Japan is the land of the nation sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east in China.
So a sun next to the origin, we created Japan.
A person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains stacked one on the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile. Chinese employees destroyed their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, the exile has become coming out.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a salt.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad is the movies I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite movies with my kids, when my daughter was four, we saw the Ocean magician together.
The movie mastered his imagination for months.
His favorite character was General, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and bring a magic wand around.
But when you see that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in a kind of industrial fantasy show of child fantasy.
However, October of Oz was an event in itself.
He didn't start that trend.
The trend really took it for years later with, interestingly, another film whose protesters, a metal boy and a hairy boy rescued a girl dressed as a guard of the enemy.
You know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a couple of great differences between the Ocean magician and all the movies we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Ocean magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I think if the Ocean magician did today, the magician would say, "Dowayer, you are the saving of Oz as the teacher predicted it.
You use magic shoes to defeat the military generated military through the computer band.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about the Oz magician is that the most heroic characters and even virtuals are women.
I started to notice this when I was making Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
It's three years.
It wasn't invited to projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the level of suppression had gone down.  And so he went down in the room and he was impressed as a mom hanging with his catastrophes behind it, and I don't think he understood what was happening, but usually it was absolutely absorbed everything.
I wonder what it looks like.
Would it be values of value, permanent and look?
Would you have the sense that Luke is an army to defeat the government?
We compare this with the October of Old 1939.
How do you win Doward your movie?
By making good friends with all and being a literature.
It's the kind of world where I want my children to grow Olive, okay? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital F, force in the movies for our children, and so little the yellow bloods?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this student.
I know for experience that the Life princess doesn't provide the right framework that would have served me to navigate the adult world that is microphone.  I think at the moment of the first kisses -- I really hoped that the credit would start to appear because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has finished, I have a girlfriend.
Why do they keep standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies focus on defeat the military and get their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a kid, you have to be a silly animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are a lot of exceptions, and it will defend the princess of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to kids, even though they are boys, not really their objective audience.
They do a phenomenal job when you teach girls how to defend the pattern, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the pattern.
There is no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovers like Heritage and Kats, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues to appear in classic after classical after classical -- every one of them about the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who have a girl.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, it finally came out.
I recommend all of you. It's already available in stores.
Remember what the critic said when Valley?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a project.
It's very good. Don't let it stop it."
Well, almost no one of these movies goes through the Bellow test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It's still no roots and already proposed, but maybe we're going to start a movement.
Alan Beck is a comic discussion, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that I had with a friend of the equivalent of movies that you saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you have to do -- in the movie, there is more than a female character that has lines?
So you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something more apart from the guy who loves them?  Okay?  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie that we know and love.
In fact, this week went to see a very good quality movie, anger.
Right? Rubbers of Oscar, successful ship, a consensus of what a Hollywood Hollywood film.
Probably, it doesn't happen to the Bell test.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in an embassy where men and women are hiding during the reefs of the reefs.
We have many scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this collapse, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say, "Come to bed, chair?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 more popular movies, how many of them think they have female protesters?
OK. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage as the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, so it's fine.
But there's a larger number than this one who is going to decide this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted once in his life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think the films for kids have something to do with that.
Nor I think the videos of music or pornography are closely linked up, but something goes wrong, and when I listen to that statistics, one of the things I think is there is a lot of sexual agency.
Who are those guys -- what are those guys learning?
What don't you do?
Are you looking at the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the violin with violence, and then charge the reward, which is a woman who has no friends and doesn't talk?
Are we excited that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this statistics very alarming and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as a population, and we hope that it helps that, but I have to ask that, but I have to ask you to be able to protect you if at the same time, active or passionate, we're educating our children to keep their male power?
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I mean primarily to the parents.
I think we have to show our children a new hunger definition.
The definition of malenity is radically changing.
You've read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the specialization.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character of Star Wars was, you know what he answered.
Bonobo.
Bonobowing and General.
What are these two communities?
Maybe it's not just brilliant dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than no one, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of story for my daughter, and I like that kind of story for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories to tell my son, and I see and fight only and more stories where he looked at his job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, to help other people improve and be better people, like the Ocean magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked most was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that it would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these cookies.
They're covered with sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started looking at shapes and patterns that helped me to pick them up.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love of the past and the architect.
And finally when I started studying electronics, I realized that I would see my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach beach had grown up to one of almost 3,000 miles of length next to the Nike.
And my sea cookies had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew that it had to do in another way.
I want to show you one example of how different we see when we use infrared use.
This is a place that is located in the East Egypt of Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, at simple sight, seems to be marine, but when we use infrared and process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like brilliant pink resource.
What you're seeing is the real chemical changes of landscape caused by the materials of construction and the activities of ancient Egyptians activities.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called "Elennisa, lost for thousands of years.
IM: It's the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in La Farmen, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Illinois was located somewhere near the two kings that were built inside the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge aluminum planning.
This area is huge -- it's about six percent for 4.2 miles.
First of all, the Nike releases right next to Ella and as it changed over time, he was transported to this and covered the entire city.
So how do you find a separate city in a extraordinary landscape?
Trying to find it the random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a pair, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves using baseball.
So we use NASA topographic data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Sun flows from.
But you can see more closely, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, that we thought it could be the location of Italia.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample jobs. You can see it here.
When I say show, it's like the short shows in ice, but instead of climate change, we look for human option layers.
Five meters down, under a thick layer of noise, we found a dense layer of ceramics.
This means that in this possible location of Italian, five meters down, we have a layer of access for several hundred years that data from the Middle Empire -- exactly the same period we think is Italian.
We also found the work of pediatrica, color, fourth and cat, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem like it's not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Jewish Empire Joah, these are the stones that were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from a elite jewelry shop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We don't find Italian here, but we'll go back into a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Impression, probably was written at Ella 4,000 years ago.
Sharing knowledge is the biggest of all volunteers.
There's nothing like that on the ground.
So you see, TED was not founded in 1984 D. C.
It makes the ideas that really happened in 1984 to C. C. in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the pursuit of marine cars in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door of this house.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, the material that's done.
Now they visualize a group of obsessed audiences in bicycle.
They are competing on a bacterial grid race and they go directly to their front door.
I need you to look at this.
They're losing strong, they are sleeping, they're going out a lot.
And they collide against the door of their house.
There are bicycles flying around all over the place, wheels that go on to their side, rays from the wheels that end up in absurd places, pass the threshold threshold.
The lobby, the passenger, or whatever you have on the other side of the door, and you look at the quality of light, which is shining on the Golden Montana.
He's waving them with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks about.
You can feel your blue ball by making them catches in the nose.
You can smell the oats. You can go through the mouth of your mouth.
They go on one side and train your living room.
In the room, and making use of your imagination, imagine Britney Spands.
It's with a little bit of clothes, dancing on his center of center, singing "His Baby One Man Time."
Now send to the kitchen.
The ground has been coated with a path of yellow brick balls, and from the oven comes to the Doro, the man of Alice, the Spanish and the Lander of Our Middle One, standing out of hands, jumping to you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the Media Memorial Champion Champion.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting. I guess this was like the end of a wise supercomputer.
There were several men and a few different ladies of different ages and different hygiene.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at them once.
They memorize the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize the order of a battery of baby.
And I thought, "This is amazing.
These people must be phenomena.
And I started talking to some of the computers.
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England, and she has one of the best methane memories.
I asked him, "Hey, when do you realize you were a knowledge?
Ed said, "I'm not a wise one.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everybody who participated from this competition said they have normal memory.
"We have trained ourselves to do these miraculous acts of memory using an ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that City used to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "Oh. How did I not hear about this before?
We were standing outside of the competition, and Ed, who is a wonderful and brilliant English -- although a little bit exciting, he said, "Joy, you're a American journalist.
You know Britney Spands?
And I said, "What?" No, why?
Because I'd like to teach Britney Spando how to memorize the order in a liver of live noises, in national television.
That would prove to the world that anybody can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not British Spands, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start for something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not only training my memory, but also research, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work, and what the potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.
He's amazing, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem, it's awesome.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allowed us to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
In the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Pepsi. In him for the role of Duke Homey in the movie "Rather Man."
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorize telephone waters.
And when I came back, I read a number of treaties about the written memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory, discipline and culture was not a kind of thing as rare as you can look like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, to provide their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they also have changed.
We've changed culturally and I would say that we have changed as well.
As we almost don't have to remember, sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people passionate about this idea of a trained memory, discipline and cultivate is this very significant competition of memory.
It's actually not so simple, there are companies like this around the world.
I was fascinated. I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the College College in London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
They wanted to know: Do you have brains in some way, structural or anticipating different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are you more intelligent than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was yet a really interesting difference and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they compare them.
When they put them on a magnetic MRI machine, they scan their brains as they memorized numbers, faces and snaps of snow courts. They found that in memory champions were lit up in the brain campaigns, different than others.
They actually used, or they seemed to be used, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something that we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memorial is driven as a random career in where every year comes up with someone with a new way to remember more things, and then the rest of the competitors must be put on a day.
This is my friend Ben Fried, three times of memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 bars of shorter names that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and only he mastered it.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 4,500 random binary digits.

And while there's a lot of ways to remember things in these competition, absolutely all of the techniques used at the end of the end are reduced to one concept that psychologists call the environmental cooperation.
It illustrates with an elephant known as the Particular Parashoprect." Back says, "The following: I tell two people who remember the same word -- I say to you -- remember there's a man called Bate."
That's his line.
And then I ask you, remember there's a dancer "shoulder."
And when I come back later, and I ask them "Ready that word I told you about a couple?
Do you remember what it was?
The person who was told that his name is Bathard is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who was told that his work is "bad."
Same word, different capacity. That's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Bate, it doesn't really mean anything for you.
With all the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word, "Babylon." We know pandemics.
They use white logging symbols.
They have wound in your hands.
They smell well when they go home to work.
We probably know some pandemic.
And when we first heard that word for the first time, we started putting forward angles to catch them very easily.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data about 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the "paradigm of memory."
The story says this: There was a poet called Simons that attended a bank.
They had hired it as a entertainment, because before, if I wanted to give a very good party, it didn't bring a DNA, he hired a poet.
He stood up his memory poem, and she died, and so soon he went out and he was the living room collapsed.
You can kill everyone.
But not only killed them all, but it destroyed the bodies by giving them uncomfortable.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
So they could not be able to get your bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Simple, standing outside, only survive, in the middle of the rubble shut my eyes down and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where it had been sitting in every winter.
He took family family to where they were their loved ones between the employees.
What Simulations admitted at that moment is something that we all know about more or less intuitively, and that is that no matter whether we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions for our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If I asked you to give me the first 10 words of history that I just told you about Simons, it's very likely to do it very hard to do.
But I would bet that if you ask you to say who was sitting on the horse for brown markets in their lobby, they would be able to survive it.
The idea of memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of its mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy discovery, fundamentally, funny and speaker and applicable is the image, more inevitable to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin,
And how does it work?
Let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to do it in memory, in the same way that Cities had done it if you had invited it to TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you might do is imagine you're at the door of your house.
And to figure out some kind of absolutely ridiculous image, crazy and inevitable to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely inspiring competition.
And then you can imagine walking into your house, and see the Gallery of the Galleries mounted on Mission Ed.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cooper.
And then you would see Britney Spando to remind you that funny anecdote that they want to count.
And then they enter the kitchen, and the fourth issue that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how Roman speakers memorize their speech, not word per word, which is going to confuse them but typical by typical.
In fact, the term theoretical: comes from the Greek "The Greek: which means place."
It's a research of when people thought about the sentence and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The first first place, it would be like the first place in his memory board.
I saw this was just fascinating. And I got to fill on that.
I went to some of these memory competence, and I had the idea of writing something strange about this subset of competitive memories.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a purely boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting in taking tests -- I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is made in front of it.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are incredible things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put myself in his place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem. Or the names of an ancient school angle bought in a thumb market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
It would never have expected it to be.
It was entertain, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What it's actually about doing is to improve more and more capacity to create and imagine these ridiculous images, comics, provideration, inspirations, absolutely and obsessed smell, in the eye of mind.
I was really hooked.
This is me, using my standard training team for memory competition.
It's a couple of opens and some security goggles covered with tape leaving only two holes, because distribution is the worst enemy of a memory computer.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before. I had the idea that I could go in, in a kind of participatory perspective.
I thought this could serve a good game for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition, something that I didn't have to happen.
Of course it's nice to memorize speeches and phone numbers, and shopping lists -- but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build males of memory or memorize bats of sands -- to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it was an innate gift -- but it's not the case.
The big memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we concentrate deeply.
The memory of memory, these memory techniques are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing -- sort of a complete attention that most of us don't walk down there.
But the reality is that there are no bottles.
That's how things get memories.
And if there's something that I want to leave you with today, it's what I stop, the ambition that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me to me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what is our short existence to be lost in Blackberries or iPhone, not paying attention to human being in front of us, who walks our side -- we'll be so hardware that we don't even bother in processing in deep?
I learned from the first hand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person who remembers remember.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we're going to address just a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I am from Niger.
In the corner, from my bedroom. I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balance that went to the living room.
And there they all spent the time watching the TV, so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, they all looked at me. And every time I went back and wrapped back into a towel -- all of me see me.
And I was like this.
It was a tool, insecure and hated it.
I hated that journey, hated that balance, hated that room and that house.
That's the architecture.
Listen.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math, no division of zones, but of those visceral connections -- emotional connections, that we feel in the places that we make.
And it's not surprising that we sit in that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
That is, 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even notice.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what I'm going to invoke you about: "The post-conflict and democracy.
And I know you think about it for based on a building about 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a description that architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's an emotional emotional connection, we've used this trick for very, very long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these state solids, solidarity, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
People who build -- urbanization and governments, always fear innovation, and they prefer to use ways they know they're going to work.
That's why we find buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Library Public Library who ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome -- it has this round thing, columns -- columns -- that let us invest what Lincoln tries to communicate with this building, the children, the history values the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, came up another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use the media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to get together, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of us called libraries are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the beginning of the spot.
On one side is innovation, architects that constantly drive new technologies, new skills, new solutions for the current life forms.
We drive, we push and push so much, that we completely get away from people.
All of the black, this depressed us. You think we feel very well, but we're dead by inside because we don't have another option.
We need to go on the other side and come back to us with those appreciated symbols.
So we do that, and we are all happy, but we feel like tragedy, so we started to experience again, we do the point of back to forward, over and over again, so we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago we went out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called brilliant."
It's got to do with the concrete.
You can guess.
Small windows in the democratic scale.
Something really hard.
So we came back to the '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the dot back into the other direction.
We take those ways that we know that they like and we accepted them.
We added and add cake and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give any of them.
We take Child arms and we turn them into skyscrapers that can be medical cars made of glass.
The forms were gone, they won in audacity and color.
The sides became columns.
States grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spend the time in commercial centers, moved to the neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean, the French, or the Italian Italian.
Maybe with a single pair of bread.
This is what happens with poster.
This is what happens with the symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we get memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Tokyo.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated and we started making the place again in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called development.
We were going to take historical symbols -- we now count with new design techniques that are made by computer, and we found with new composition -- some ways that are crashing against other forms.
This is academic and email, and it's super popular. You have totally excluded.
Normally, the hacking place again in opposite direction.
But then, something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Google of Bilbao from Frank Gehry.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Wool said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical and academics and public in general, they were completely agreed about a building.
The New York Times called this biological construction.
The tourism in Bilbao increased in a 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So all of a sudden, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, September.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms, wild and radical ways, how is it possible that they become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media were given around them and quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the main mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of the beginning of the new millennium, happened with other star architects.
It happened to Katella and Library, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started going through all the architecture, the digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think of, for example, how do you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked up to the next village to see a building.
The transportation is accelerated, you can take a ship, an airplane, you can be tourist.
Technology is accelerating -- you can see in the newspapers, on TV, and at the end, we're all photographers of architecture, and the building gets beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere. That means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It doesn't take a long time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings more, before you know what I designed four years ago, it was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
This is how we find buildings like this.
The brutal was not a two-year-old movement.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they had them.
That's never going to happen -- I think, because we're in the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture since the invention of the ant or steel or the angle, and it's the medical revolution.
My theory is that when the media is applied to the media, it starts to speed faster and faster, until it's going to be in both of the extremes almost in simulation, and it is effectively defined the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, the architects, and you, the public.
Now we can make symbols almost instant symbols, emotional charge of something completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system works, in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was incorporated.
This is the center of a village called Pennsylvania Pennsylvania, in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building, it was part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly to the finished product, there was no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community, and that first summer, when people began to come and share it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, it became a media medium, because these are not just images of a building, they're the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes corruption with collective memory, and by carrying these symbols, we learn.
That is, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell each other what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those libraries of Livid.
If that building is built today, first we go to the Internet in search of new librarians."
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's municipal.
ammunition that can lead to the mayor of Life, to the people of Living, and tell them that there is no unique answers to what can be a library today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience.
It's all different now.
The architects are no longer these mysterious creatures that use words and complicated drawings, and one is no longer a homeless public who doesn't accept something that hasn't seen before.
The architects can listen to it, and you don't leave the architecture.
That means that the discoveries of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find solutions right to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the architecture story, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different than buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of September can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that a few robots will be able to build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the ways that they're going to produce.
That means that buildings are advanced to the whims of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to do sports or for yoga. Or you can even get married in the night.
This means that three architects can dream on the East River in New York, and raise half a million dollars of the community together around that cause is no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this small roof of laughing, as muscle and fiber as the animals that are going to look at.
Because it doesn't matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
The architects already know how to do more ecological buildings, smarter and more kind.
We've been waiting for everyone to want them.
Finally, we're not on opposite side.
Find an architect, turn it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of a game.
The buildings not only reflect our society, but they give them way to the smallest spaces -- local libraries -- the homes where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
It just turned a year and started walking.
And it makes it great, typical of the children of a year, taken up, as if your body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally accurate.
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
It's laughing and chicken, and it gives itself these big kisses and the farmers.
It's beautiful.
And apparently, all his friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it. And he made me think, when I stopped doing this?
How do we suddenly don't like our appearance with our approach?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people are looking for Google, "Am I a female?
This is Faton, it's 13 years old, and he lives in Devil.
And as any teenager, it just wants to be loved and finding.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear, it's a little confused because, even though his mom tells him all the time that's beautiful, every day in school, someone tells you it's ugly.
Among what his mom tells him and what his friends or school colleagues say, they don't know who to believe.
So it makes a video of her himself, he publishes it in YouTube, and he asks others to please leave a comment -- "Am I a bad one?
Well, so far, Faiza has gotten over 13,000 comments now.
Some of these are so delivered, it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and current teenager, which gets these answers in one of the stages of their more emotionally vulnerable life.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it bringing them to do this?
Well, the teenagers today are almost never alone.
They are under pressure to be online and available all the time, talking to them, shooting, giving me like this: I like to eat, share, putting, this never ends.
We have never been so connected before, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother said, "It's like there's a party in your fourth every night.
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are important.
This environment, to be always connected, is taking our children to automate on the number of "I like and the kinds of comments that they get.
There's no divide between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what it's real or what it is.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what is authentic and what is digging digitally.
What is the most destroyed thing in someone in front of what is normal in a daily context.
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are cover from the news of girls now.
Zero logging models continue to dominate our passwords.
The terrible technique is now a routine now.
And tendences like, "Alien," Thomas, biometric and standard.
For those of you who recognize it, it is providing professional.
These trends are associated from women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people do.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the supermarket stars of sports, and the short singers of the sport.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our children to grow healthy and be good balanced.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, in price of all the other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical abilities -- their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see good enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings, and as contributions to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class. They avoid participating in classrooms of classrooms because they don't want to call the attention for their physical appearance.
One in five are not holding classes at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the test season, if you don't think you see good enough, especially if you don't think you're delicious enough, you will get a note less than the average of your classmates who don't care about the appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland and United States and China.
And it gets independently from what these young people do.
So that it's very clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you're really at.
The low self-esteem on your body is declining academic performance.
And it's also hardwired health.
The teenagers with a few self-esteem do less physical activity, they eat less fruits and vegetables, they participate in more healthy diet than they can take to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them and they're at greater risk of depression.
And we think that's why they make more risky decisions, like alcohol consumption and drugs, drastic diet, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and no protection and disposal damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is protecting the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe that they have overweight again, regardless of whether or not they have higher rates of advance.
17 percent of women don't present to a job interview in one day where they don't feel secure with the way you see it.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity.
To release this potential is for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking, for itself, doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms. The first one is that we have to include trust in their own body.
We have to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of well-intentioned programs, without realizing the situation.
So we must make sure that the program that follows our children not only will have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs focus on six key areas, the first one is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are crucial points for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental but facing this problem requires each of us that we take the waste in the issue and be a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
By challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not a good thing to tell you about our politicians in cookies or the size of your chest, or the size of the detection of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not as they look like.
All of us can start making responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we publish in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time they were destroying a mirror on a mirror.
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to really change our culture, so that our children grow up valuing all their people, valuing individuals, diversity, inclusion of it.
We have to put people who are actually making the difference in a separate.
To make a difference in the real world, we make them be the ones that come out in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they are never aware of being who they are, or reaching what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who are in mind?
Your wife.
To your sister?
Is her daughter.
Is his signal?
It could just be the woman who is at two seats of distance -- what would it mean for her if it was liberated from that artificial voice in his interior, which is allowed to have long legs -- mustard mustards, a more flat counter, a smaller foot feet?
What would it mean for her if we were to overcome this and we would say really really limited in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is holding us all together.
But let's teach our children the truth.
Let's show that the way you see you is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and because they make us feel.
We include the self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small springs of an age of age today, become agents of safe change in themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November five, 1990, a gentleman called "Ladiest South entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed to the rabbi Melien Kahbarn, the leader of Defense Judey Leader.
And to South Allen they declared it innocent -- but being prisoners for other charges -- the company of others, they started planning attacks at about 12 icons from New York, including tunnels and synesthesia and the United Nations.
Fortunately, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant report.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center, couldn't avoid it.
Later North would be convicted by his participation on that standard.
"Little South Mayor is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, 1983.
Just when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few, including most Muslims -- come to know.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact -- don't require a lot to get to want the same things in life.
However, in all the religion, in every human group, there is always a little fraction of people who are so removed to their conversations that think you have to use all possible media for everybody to live like them.
A few months before he came up with me and explained to me that in the last couple of weeks, he and some friends, they had been going to fire training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the Cartest Tub point, which, without knowing our group, was linked by the FBI.
When I was throwing up, my father helped me hold my reflection on the shoulder, and explained to me how to point at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that I shot I gave the little orange light on the goal and to surprise all of all, especially me, all the goal is in fire.
My uncle became the others and in Arabic, he said, "Angel Arab."
A parent, such a son.
At all, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw me the same level of destruction that my father could cause me.
Those people later would be convicted to put a range of 700 pounds of explosives in the underground partner of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and did another 1,000.
I admired those men.
He called them "ander: it means uncle.
When I turned 19, I had moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood was not allowed to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started to feel comfortable about someone was already time to emphasize and go to another city.
As I was always the new face of the class with frequency was a marriage victim.
I kept secret my identity to avoid being the white, but being the new class of class, silence and regional, was enough communication.
So most of the time was going on home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I don't develop social skills, to say it sure -- to grow under fancience, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
I was forced to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that I was testing my thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a professional program in the National Convention January, in Philadelphia.
My group focused on the theme of juvenile violence, as I had been a mouse victim almost all my life, was something I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from various processes.
One day, at the end of the convention -- I discovered that one of the guys who had done friendship, was Jewish age.
I took several days out to the light this detail and realized that there was no anxiety between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend of mine, and I was very proud to have been able to see the barrier that my whole life had been made to believe was infrasively.
Another crucial moment came up when I got a summer job in Bush Garden, a amusement park.
I found myself with people of all sorts of beliefs and cultures, and that experience resulted in the development of my character.
All of life had taught me that homosexuality was a sin and, for extension, all of the homosexuals were bad influence.
By chance, I had the opportunity to work with homosexual actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most nice and less critical that I had seen in life.
Having been used by a child, it developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat the nice people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
That's why I was able to contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a kid, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how that being homogeneous, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then he came from Dalai Show."
All night, Jon Stewart made me incredibly honest about my international international, and helped me see that people's race, religion or sexual orientation, has nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my potential figure in a moment when I was desperately getting it.
In occasions, inspiration can come from the unexpected inspiration, and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extreme, was not in vain.
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that was going to be in my heart forever, while it's alive.
She looked at me with the tired eyes of someone who's suffered enough with interrupting domains and said, "I'm tired of hating."
At that time, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all of that hatred in your inside.
My real name is not Zach Edilan.
He changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why do I decide to go out and put in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope someone is trying to bring the violence, I can hear my story and understand that there is a better path, that even though I was convicted to this violent and intelligent ideology -- I didn't get to be fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and presentations.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism talking about those meaningless acts as I refuse to my father's actions.
With this simple thing I get here as a proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that kids don't have to follow the roads of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Right now, there is a film that's projected in its minds.
It's an incredible multi-traumatic film.
It's in 3D, and it's got a supermarket sound of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has arches, taste and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your famine, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood who are projected to your eyes.
And it has constantly a voice superimposed in your conscious thought.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in the way.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the human being.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie, you, and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know that I have a conscious consciousness.
I don't have any certainty that you're aware of.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't conscious, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films, why do we have these intense?
Why are we not just robots that we have to do to produce outcomes without experiencing the intrinsic movie experience?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate science to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is goal.
Consciousness is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the 20th century, they predicted that vision.
psychology studied behavior. The neuroscience studied the brain objectively -- but nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there was very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, it all started to change.
Neurologists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penny said, "Now it's the moment for science to address consciousness.
And since then, there was a real explosion of the scientific work on consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of science science in recent years was the pursuit of correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kanzi presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling happy or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correlations.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these brain areas are related to certain types of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of neuroscience work responds some questions that we want to explain consciousness -- the questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what they are correcting.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscientists.
There's actually no easy problems with consciousness.
Because it doesn't address the real central mystery of this matter, why is it all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness.
Why is there a subjective internal movie there?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give it a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like fundamentalisms, like humanities, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical emissions are all of the cases of emerging behaviors, how they operate the finance, how the hurricane works, how they replace, they adapt and metabolize living organisms -- they're all questions about objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we talk, how we play chess chess -- they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why is it that everything behavior is accompanied from subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the emergence, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually still doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of the alternative that works for a long time, and for a long time, I was hitting my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end I came to the conclusion that it didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we are still at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanation, great. We used to this; physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme here.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we're aware of.
So we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness right now, right now, is a kind of animal, something that we need to integrate to our view of the world, but we don't know yet.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Deneti, who's here today, has one.
His crazy idea is that there is no such problem for consciousness.
The whole idea of internal subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain the objective functions, the brain behaviors -- and so you study everything that needs explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply denying that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe like fundamental laptops: space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that governments, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These laws and properties don't explain in terms of any more basic stuff.
Instead, they are considered fundamental conservation, and that's where the world is built.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is going.
In the 19th century, Maxtolan discovered that you can't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass laws, Newton laws, so it poses the basic laws of the electronics, and it put the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws government.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental intensive ideas, space, time, mass carbon, then by a matter of logic, you have to grab the list.
The most natural thing would be to get the consciousness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental laptop of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens the way to handle it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can store them in a real.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can store them in a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called penicillant, "Pearl for all of us, psychiatrists per mind, not just humans, the dogs, the motors, the flies -- even the Robert Kez1, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that the pictures are smart or they think.
It's not that a picture can be filled with distress when you think "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the roots."
No, no.
But thinking is that perhaps the pictures can have some element of raw feeling, subjective -- some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How do someone think about something so crazy?
This is partly from the first crazy idea, which consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems illegal, it's much less for people in different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
One more profound reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that relate to thinking with physical process, is by linking consciousness with information.
Whenever there's information processing there is awareness.
Complex information processing like a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years, a neuroscientist, Gillian Tong, took this kind of theory and developing it with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called a Jewish, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And I assume it has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible high degree of information integration -- a high degree of child, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is an average degree of information integration -- the same pretty significant -- a fairly important degree of consciousness.
But when you get to the worms of the limbs, microbes, particles, the degree of the daughter is going to say.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero either.
In Tony theory, there will still be a different level of consciousness of zero.
I actually propose a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of child, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that penicilling can help us integrate awareness to the physical world.
The physicists and the philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk to us about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking: "Where is the fire from the equations?
From the passionate view of the physics of physics you can leave as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts it into the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not outside of the physical world as a kind of adaptation.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, passionate vision, has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have social consequences and pretty serious ethical consequences.
Some can be illegal.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that would have consciousness, then I should be vegetable.
If you're a panical and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of hungry.
I think that thinking about it, this tends to transform your vision, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Atlanta artificial intelligence system in the "Mondeble movie in the "Hail?
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of passionate information, she has a complicated information processing so that the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you have a fairly serious ethical problem about the ethic of the development of intelligent computer systems and the ethics of pulling out.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of complete collective collectives, the planet.
Canada has his own consciousness.
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk -- right now, we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal film for this whole TED group, different from the internal movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that needs to be serious.
So this passionate view is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer in the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that the second is universal.
Vision raises many questions, many challenges, like, how do those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex awareness that we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go on the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we'll finally go to it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria.
He had a very normal profile, a low education profile.
I went to school, I joined my friends, I was fighting with my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community was approached to my parents because I wanted to name for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't gotten anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good notes after school, I had a low profile on my mother's head, and I spent a lot of time watching the series "The She Shadow Slighter and "Dance Creek."
Yeah, I know. What a contradiction.
But they were right.
I was not doing anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of teaching in a high school school of Mellon, just after about 20 minutes in the 11 class of legal studies a man raised his hand and said, "Hey, when do you give your discovery?
And I said, "What discussion?
Well, I had been talking about the distribution law for good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair are talking about inspirational things in school?
Usually in the acts of acts."
And it was then when I realized, this child had had experiences with people with disability as objects of inspiration.
And we're not. And it's not guilty of the girl, which is to say, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manifestations.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire us.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this chair of wheels, and you're probably waiting for you to inspire you. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to tell you strategically.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that we have lied to disability.
Yes, they've sold us the lie that disability is a bad thing, and to map, I mean.
It's a bad thing and living with a disability makes you exceptional.
It's not a bad thing, and it doesn't make it exceptional.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude."
Or this one: "Your excuse is investigated.
Or this one, "Before I launched it, instance."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one of the hands of the girl drawing with a pencil held by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with orthopedic legs of carbon fiber.
And there are a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term delicious term, because they encode a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we moved to the discoveries in the benefit of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so we can see them and think, "Well, for very bad to be my life, it might be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you are that person?
I've lost the number of times that I have missed strangers wanting to express that they think I'm a brave or a source of inspiration and this happened before my work had a public profile.
It was as if I was happy to get me in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is changing.
These images, those images engage people with disability in the benefit of people without disability.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We had some things.
But the things that we overcome is not the things that you can think.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term "disability personalities: deliberately because I subscribe to the so-called social model of disability that tells us that we're more disability because of the society in which we live that because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with him.
It does the things I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of your capacity as you do, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside the common.
They're simply using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to make them in the way we do that, by sharing those pictures?
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration: it says it as a compliment.
And I know why it happens.
It's because we've sold this lie that disability makes us exceptional.
And honestly, it doesn't do.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here scanning the inspiration here, and you think, "Oh God, you're not sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all time.
However, I'm not learning that I'm more lucky than them.
I learned that this is a great idea to use a little bit of barriers to collect the things that are falling to me.  So learning the ingenious trick of how to charge the battery of the mobile phone in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis but against a world that exclusives and considered.
I really think that that lie that has sold us about disability is the greatest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad activist: the reason that that's lying is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles before a staircase of stairs has never done that it becomes a raw.
Never --    Shake before a television screen, not going to make the subtitles.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and installing a positive attitude to convert all those books to the brilliant.
It's simply not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching "The Shadow Slash," not considered not to deserve anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of the people with disability that are happy to get us from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability and I want to live in a world where a child in the 11 grade school in Melbourne school is not a little surprising that his new teacher is a wheelchair of wheels.
Discipline doesn't make us exceptional, but question what you think you know about what you do.
Thank you.
What do you have to do with augmented reality and professional football, with empathy?
And what is the average speed of a collapse without charge?
Unfortunately, today just answer one of those questions, so please don't distribute.
When people think about augmented reality, they think about "Minority Republican," and at Tom Cruzing on the air in the air, but augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because reality is augmented to change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step is what I'm wearing person: Google Glass.
I'm sure many of them are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass is a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'll let you experience what is being a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I'm trying to describe it.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and know what is running through the game field at 100 miles, the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that it feels like a man of 110 pounds of us, trying to get us all over their being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's not quite nice.
So I bring some videos to show you what Google Glass is, under the helmet and give them a sense of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the NFL practices, because the idea of the NASA of emerging technology is a submarine coming up to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kuin" Let's go.
It's horrible to be taken.
A moment. Let's zoom out a little bit.
Press?
Go!
Chris Klen: As you can see, it's a problem of what's being labeled in the football field from the task perspective.
You may have realized that there are people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, the University of Washington University.
Field Marria, mice 54,000 mice 54."
Blue eight, Blue 8. Go!
Chris Kuin" -- this is a little bit more about feeling in the field, but it has nothing to do with the NF.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, be their favorite players, and they've asked me in YouTube and Twitter and Twitter, "You can see from the angle of a field market.
Or a rice?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get it from full of the final level?
We took it to that level using something called October Richard, which probably many already know.
The Ocklands Rioth has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not cheap word.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no. I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh, my God. Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain going through his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we recorded a video of Adrianne Peter crossing the line, taking away from a tattoo with the arm before you run and do an antibiotic analytics? What will be the experience of a fan.
When I can be Mission running through the candy, launching the balance on the bottom of the network? Or Federal doing a standard in Wirening?
What will your experience be when you download from a mountain to over 100 miles as an Olympic school?
Maybe you increase the sales of panels for adults.
But this is not even augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, River.
How do we achieve augmented reality, RO?
We're going to get real reality when the coaches and the markets and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our equipment?
How do we use it to win parts?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. You give them money.
So here's a brief record about the technology at NF.
In 1965, the Potts of Baltimore put it up to his field market to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, NFL put radio games in the cars of field markets and then in the defenses of the defenses.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertainment.
In 2030, imagine you're a player coming back to your group and you see your next player in front of you, in a plastic bombsight that you carry on, you don't have to worry about forgetting a game.
or to memorize the strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose stones.
If you lose you as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a manual strategy manual.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would it be done?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from how high people are down.
You also get information from the sensors of the helmet and the angles, something that's already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will be able to send it.
The bad ones are going to be saving information.
This will differentiate the good teams of the bad equipment.
So your computer team will be as important as your recorders, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerves.
Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine you're the field market.
You get the bullet and you go back.
You look at an open receptor. All of a sudden, a flower on the left part of your bombsight gives you a defense behind you is going to attack you, usually you wouldn't see it, but the L.A. system gets you.
You move into the protective area.
Another flower gives you an open receptor.
You throw the bullet up, but you get rid of you.
And the bullet loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land. However, the receptor sees in its bombsight an area of grass that lights up and can modify the career.
It approaches, it catches the bullet and running and roof.
The public angle and the fans have followed the play from each angle.
This is something that will create a massive emotion on the game.
I will make lots of people look at it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sport because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is: we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circulation, like our usual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to promote empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally being in another person's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports light.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a bully how harmful their actions are from the perspective of victim?
How much does this technology do for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how being presented?
How much is it worth for a Homeyran Hawking or a Neil Desert Test trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science instead of traditional notes and Karanians?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality.
The questions that we do, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face, depend on as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently retired after 23 years of service at the Hallack Pattern of California.
Most of those 23 years I spent the South County of Marine County, which includes the Google Gates.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known globally by its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean and its architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also an imam for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Goldine Gates bridge was open in 1975.
Joseph Streets, engineer chief to build the bridge, said that, "The bridge is pretty much subjective to suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or probably."
But from its openness, over 1,600 people have jumped into their death from that bridge.
Some people think that traveling between the two towers will bring them to another dimension, this bridge has been identified as such, so the fall from him to free you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go down under your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one every free four to five seconds, the body car against about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks bone, some of which performed vital organs.
Most of it dies in impact.
The ones that don't, usually in the industrial water and then adopted.
I don't think that that self-assemble method is aware of the death of the death that they will face.
This is the wire.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches from parallel steel to the bridge.
This is where most people go before they take your life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that edge, and at their darkest moment, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man spoke with an officer contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we were successful that day in bringing it back into the barrier.
When I started working in the bridge, we had no formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who are contemplating suicide, but to officials as well.
We've traveled a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychological officials train new offices.
This is Jason Garden.
I met it on July 22 last year by getting a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the lamb near the center.
I said, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to an official of the Google Gates.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I'd flown up here two times before New Jersey to try to get suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason -- he asked us if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
Remember the Greek mythology. Zeta created Panda, and he sent it to the Earth with a box, and he said, "No, you never open that box.
Well, one day, curiosity was more than Panda, and she opened the box.
She came out of plates, penguins, and all sorts of bad men against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What if you open the box and there is no hope?
They stopped a few instants, he leaned on the right, and he left.
This wonderful and intelligent boy from New Jersey had just taken away life.
I spoke to Jason parents that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the family family was called me to see how he was.
Jason parents had asked him.
The shorter damage of suicide affects a lot of people.
Let me ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved out of suicide?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just have to talk, but you have to listen.
I'll listen to understand.
Don't discussion, blame you, or tell the person you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the tipping point that you need.
If you think someone is suicide, you don't have fear of dealing and ask the question.
One way to ask them the question is, others in similar circumstances have thought about finishing their life, you've had these thoughts?
To confront the person in front of them can save life and be the tipping point for them.
Other signs to look for -- despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve -- impossible, believe that there's nothing you can do about it, recent social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple days ago, and I got an email of a lady and I'd like to read your letter.
She lost his son on January 19 this year, and he wrote to me this email just a couple of days, and it's with his permission and blessing that I read it.
"Hi, Kevin -- I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go through the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave you a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to your friends who tell your friends, etc.
I'm still quite unable to notice more moments to realize that Mike will not come home.
Mike was driving Peter to San Francisco to see the 40 of the 49 with his father on January 19.
He never got there.
I called the Police Police and repeated it as disappeared that night.
The next morning, two officials came to my house, and they reported that the car of Mike was down in the bridge.
A witnesses had seen him jump from the bridge to the 1500 of the last day before.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been before bad without suffering a real mental disease?
It shouldn't be so easy to end up with it.
My prayer is with your struggle.
The GG: The Gold Gates is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay -- not a central.
Good luck this week, Vickorphia."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and run the way his son took that day, and also value to go forward.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call by a possible suicide subject on the sidewalk, near the north tower.
I drove my bike, and I looked at this man, Kevin Berlin, standing on the outside.
When he saw me, he crossed the barrier, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
Over the next hour and a half of us, I heard about Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day going back to life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, it happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What was it that he made you go back and give hope and life another opportunity?
And know what he told me?
He said, "You hear me.
You let me talk and just listen to it.
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin and I have that letter with me, and I would like to read them.
"Dear Britains, nothing will erase the events of March 11, and you are one of the reasons why Kevin is still us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was claiming for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been properly medicine.
I adopted Kevin when I was only six months months, completely unconscious of all of those herois traits but thank God, now we know.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
We give God for you.
Just in debt with you, New Bertient."
And at the end she wrote, "Oh, when I visited the San Francisco Hospital that night, you signed up like the patient.
"I know I had to solve.
Today, Kevin is a loving father and a member of society.
It speaks openly about the events of that day and his depression with hope that his story will inspire others.
Supply is not just something that I've found myself at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was suicide with poison.
That act, despite finishing his own pain, I steal the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about hurt another person.
They just want your own pain to go.
Usually this is only about three ways, sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've answered and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and suicide calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other was a man who talked about about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
In the end, he looked at me, and he said, Kevin, sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
Horrified, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, however, that the vast majority of people who we get to contact in that bridge are not suicide.
Also, those few who have jumped out of the bridge and lived and that you can talk about it, that one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second they leave the barrier they realized that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge not only connects Mary with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that every single one of us should have to do for doing.
suicide.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you are not, but in your interior, you know what you are, and a question is: How do you become that?
I have to be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I finally had achieved the dream that I had had since a child.
My outside finally agreed with my inner truth, with my inner inside.
For complicated reasons, I will refer later later, when I look at this picture, I think, German does it, you get it.
But last October, I discovered that, well, I'm starting to start.
We all embody our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of you have the value of released, to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color of the skin or because of the beliefs of those surrounding us.
They are people who always defy the status quo what is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even ignored my story.
I think this end is called revelation.
This is mine.
They recorded me as a kid, because of the appearance of my genius.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always carried this shirt on your head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew then how to deliver it.
The gender has always been considered an impossible fact, but now we know that it's a more complex and mysterious thing.
Because of my success, I never started to share my story, not because I thought it will be what I'm bad, but why the world deals to those of us who want to liberate them.
Every single day I appreciate will be a woman.
I have mom, Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess of the dish.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines that would celebrate these mysteries in the Filders.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman in front of me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me, this is the kind of woman I want to be.
And when I was 15, when I was still man, I met this woman called T.V.
It's the director of a transplant beauty competition.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you involved in the beauty of beauty?
He told me that if I participated she would get away from the prescription spending and the costumes -- and that night, she won in a bathroom suit, won in chicken suit, and it was third final between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was within the world of beauty recipes.
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was from the beauty of the word transportation, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the devastations, especially when we traveled to remote provinces from the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they gave me my application of the green card that could go to live the U.S.
I was resistant.
I told my mother, "Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty queen being.
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know if you moved to the United States, you can change the name and the identity of gender.
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me to put two and my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operating in Thailand at age 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand do the most prestigious and sophisticated surgeries and safe.
Back then, in the United States, it was necessary to do surgery before we changed the name and gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license with the name Gene and the Festic gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means being able to drive or be able to get a translator, but for me it was the license to live, to feel digital.
Suddenly, my fears were minimized.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman from female All Netherlands.
A young woman in New York who was worth his truth, but that, away, he ended his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of November, we make a global review by the Civil Day of the Transparence.
I'm on this stage because of a long story of people who fought and stood in front of injustice.
These are Mars P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, I am coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, or fear.
I'm here, exposing so that there is no more silk in November 20.
My deepest truth took me to accept what I am.
They'll do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: George, a quick question.
George Rose: Sure. You see, first, thank you with all my bloods.
To my network of support, my parents, my family, who is very strong.
I remember all the times that I've been attending young women, which I've been standing, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it. I took the phone, I would call my mom and say, "Mommy, can you call this woman?
Sometimes it works, others don't. It's just gender identity, that's what you're at the center of what we are, right?
That is, all of us are assigned by a gender at birth, and what I try to do is put on the table the subject that sometimes that seat sense, and that there should be a space that allows people to add -- and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transplantation movement is starting compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work for doing.
I should have understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope all of you are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Grape, thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies -- parents usually know for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Bad started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when he was honored by their efforts in 2011, when he took the National Prize Prize in peace, it became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the history of injustice -- of inequality, violence and exploration.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when when when you get a girl, your birth doesn't celebrate it.
It's not generally, not for your father, not for your mother.
The neighborhood comes in, gives her commands to mother and no one happy to the father.
And one mother was overwhelmed by having a girl.
When it gives birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When I give birth to the second daughter, it combined, and with the hope of a son, when he released his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not just the mother suffers, but the daughter -- the daughter only nation, when he grows up, it sounds too.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, it stays home and the school admit to his sisters.
Until the age of 12 years, somehow, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
You can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets as a butterfly.
But when it comes into adolescence, when it turns out 13 years old, he was protected to leave his house without a male accident.
He's confined to the four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you plot the code of that honor body, you could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this honor code, not only affects the life of a girl, also affects the life of the male male members of family.
So this brother, I sacrifice the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in behalf of the honor of the honor.
And there is a norm more of the patriarchal societies that's called an open.
A good girl is supposed to be very comfortable, very humble and very submission.
It's the judgment.
The model of a good girl must be calculated.
It's supposed to be silence, and it accepts the decisions of their father and his mother and the decisions of the elderly -- even if you don't want.
If you get married with a man who doesn't like or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be taken of a desert.
If you have a very young man, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they call it desperate.
And what happens to the end?
In the words of a poet, "The house, they win it, and then give birth to more children and girls.
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, involves the same lesson of obesity to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to its children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues on.
I loved brothers and sisters, when Malawi was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newborns, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored.
And much before I was born, I thought about his name, and I was fascinated with a legendary fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawi from Makaway, and I called my daughter like that.
But when I left, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote, "Mala."
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, I admitted it in my school.
You know, why should I mention the optimism of a girl in a school?
Yeah, I should mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, is a great event for child life.
To be able to describe in a school means its identity and his name.
An addition to school means that it has entered the dream of dreams and aspiration where it can explore its potential for their future life.
I have five brothers, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised two weeks earlier, when I was going to visit the Canadian vision form, and I was on the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the files of some of my sisters.
And the reason was I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give to my sisters or his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the safety of my daughter.
I encouraged him to sit with me when my friends came to me.
He encouraged me to go with me to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to instill them in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malay.
I've made all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
He used education for the emitter.
I teach my daughters, taught students to forget the lesson of obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called sensory call.
She loved brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and, in particular, for women's rights.
It was called tradition.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the girlfriends left and the managers killed.
They suffered millions, but a few talking, and it was terrifying to have those people who kill and retain when you talk about their rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10 years, malware came up and raised on the right to education.
He wrote a diary for the BBC blog, he was offered herself for the New York Times, and I spoke on every platform that he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It was spread like a classroom around the world.
And that was the reason the Taliban could not tolerate his campaign and the ninth of October 2012, they shot it to school in the head.
It was a fatalitiest day for my family and for me.
The world became a big black hole.
Whereas my daughter was determined between life and death, I whispered to my wife, "Should I blame me for what happened to my daughter, your daughter.
And he said to me, "Please don't blame you.
He defined the right cause.
They put your life in play by the cause of the truth, by the cause of peace, and by the cause of education, and your daughter inspired you and joined you.
Both were on the right path and God protected it.
These few words meant a lot for me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malay was in the hospital, and he had severe pain and strong headaches of head because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that was spread through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained up.
I used to say, "I'm okay with my strange smile, and with the excitement in my face.
I'll get good. Please don't worry.
It was a conversation for us, and we were conscious.
So dear brothers and sisters, we have learned from it how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women, it's like any 16 year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't end his task.
He fought with his siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What about special in my tutor who has done so audacious to Malawi so valuable, expressive and examination?
I tell you, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
He didn't cut his wings and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating from the brain 18 years ago, and from that day, science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Boston group of Google, where I've had a divide to my office, and I did the vision of Google X visualization -- but all the work I'm going to talk about here today about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you take a brain operation.
Are you still equal or not?
Otherwise, will you be a smart one?
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscience.
And immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much it would take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, over the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combinations and mix of chemicals, and try to get them, to stay alive.
More than one time I've been saved by a little bit.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the optimal doses because there really doesn't exist a clear map that says it in detail.
I started testing with different mixes -- and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the dose changed dramatically my addition, my sense of who I was me, my sense of thinking, my behavior with others.
One particularly impressive case for a few months, I tried doses and typical chemicals for a man of venth, and I was surprised to see how my thoughts changed.
I was always studies, I thought all the time in sex -- and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past, I've met various kinds of things like this, or maybe some of the self-stabilized versions of the past.
It turned out to be an end.
But my big surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying to try and try and fix a problem that had in front of it, and just not like this.
So I couldn't handle it.
It changed my doses changed.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go on, since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do -- when I adjust those hormones and neuroscience and so on, I was to recover my intelligence after the disease and the operation, my creative thinking -- my whole flow of ideas.
I tend to think almost always in images, and that became my key point of reference: how do I get those mental images that I used to create prototyped protected, my ideas, if you want to do it? So testing new ideas and remembering situations.
These kinds of thoughts is not new.
And philosophers like Humbon, Decembers and Hobbes see things like that.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Today there are people who question this idea, and there's a lot of discussions about how the mind works. To me it's simple for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative and invention.
So after several years, I managed to find the right point and I've got lots of great mental moments, really vibrating, well sophisticated and straight structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take fast these mental images, my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use their imagination only to steer the world that has the front?
Or if a musician could extract the music of their head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can be shared at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is just increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments done by two groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image for functional magnetic resonance to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by Gigis Gandst and their Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the scan of the brain of a person looking at an image.
The middle of the middle shows the scan of the brain of that same individual while you imagined it, watching that same image.
The column on the right was created by resisting the content of the central column on the left of the left -- you see that the difference is almost nuclear.
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost nuclear.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is the lab of Jack Galler in Berkeley, California.
They managed to turn brain waves into acknowledged visual fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, he showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were scanned.
Then I showed you a movie with new images, new people, new animals, and as long as they were so recorded a new scanner.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scanning was described to show what seemed the person was seeing.
On the right, you can see the computer debates, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This left us back.
We're pretty close to doing it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember, when you see an image and when you imagine that same picture, you believe in the brain the same map.
This led to the brain scanning systems of most available resolution today, and its resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes to it.
I don't offer myself for that.
Many of them are providing new projection techniques for images, even I -- counting with the recent MRI result, first we need to ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?
conventional wisdom says that the only way to get more resolution is with larger magnets, but at this point, larger magnets only offer small improvements in resolution, don't increase by thousands of us as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of larger magnets, let's make better magnets better.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different prides, like making a spectrum.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a huge amount of effort on MRI was to do really big magnets, right?
However, most recent advances in revolution of ingenious and bright solutions in coding and decoration, in the transmission and receptors of FM radio in the MRI systems.
At its time, instead of a unified magnetic field, we use magnetic magnetic patterns added to the FM radio.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio, we can increase the information that you can extract in one scale.
In addition, we can then split our growing knowledge about brain structure and memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
By using MRI we should be able to measure not only the flow of oxygen officer, but the one of the hormones and neutrons that I've mentioned and maybe even the direct neural activity. This is the dream.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go through the language and communicate directly through thinking about it?
What would we be able to do?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use it as tools to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to Alzheimer's cure and similar diseases.
We have a few more choices to open this door.
Anyway, they choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine it will take a lot more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to tell you tonight about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have arms.
His closet may be telling someone for the first time that the love or saying to someone who's pregnant, or telling someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have gone through in life.
All armed is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can actually vary the experience of the experience of living and have gone out of that closet.
It's scary. And we don't like it, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I was working on the South Wall Walk Calabach, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several phases of the intensity of the limited military, not raising my armpits -- I quote Android December Francisco as a letter.
And I'm going to be aware that by the hill of my short screen and my head was allowed to make my head recently, I was usually asking a little boy, "Hey, are you a boy or a girl or girl, right?
And it appears a silent silence on the table.
I would take my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a raise of rage ...
The father would love the newspaper, and the mother would throw a cold look at his son.
But I would not say anything, and I would go inside it.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised you next time I would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, again.
Are you a guy or a girl or a girl one?
A family silence, but this time I was ready to go into the female issues on the table.  I had the Betty French quote.
The Global Stewart quote.
Even a fragment of the "Vagina Polane" that will show you.
And then I breathe up and I went down and I looked at my back and my back a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist sleep, just a girl with a question, "Are you a girl with a question: "Are you a girl or a girl at a question: "Are you a girl or a girl at a question: "Are
So I would breathe again, and I put up close near her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a confusing thing.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I see baby clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable piece.
Well, I'm more than a little girl of a common piece."
And that girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite piece is violent and has a fish.
Can you give me a panel, please?
And that's it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the park I asked?
It was the most easy conversation of all that ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the park and I, both we were honest with one another.
Just as many of us, I've lived in some guns in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know how color the walls are.
You just know how one feels like living in a closet.
That's how my weapon is not different than yours or yours.
So surely I will give you 100 reasons why they get out of my closet, it was harder than coming out of the self, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me that to explain to someone who has declared it in a broken bank is harder than saying it has been declined?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell is more difficult than telling your five year-old son than you're going to diverge?
There's no more difficult thing, there is only the hard thing.
We need to stop classifying what is difficult to what hard to another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our guns, and we should only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and you can make it feel security, or at least more security than you offer the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, that doesn't matter what your walls are, a weapon is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine itself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a dress and shoes of high heels.
It was not the military liberation prepared to fight any four year-old child coming into the coffee.
I was frozen by fear, curled in a corner of my dark closet. I started my great gay gas, and the move only is a muscle is the most amazing thing I ever made.
My family, my friends, complete strange with whom I've spent my entire life trying to not tell them, and now the world would turn back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't launch that big, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable launches was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of the individuals knew that it was gay, and by making my hands of honor, my black dress and the controllers, I walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents, people who knew me did years ago.
And after talking a moment, one of the women said, "I love Nathan Laye."
And the gay reality battle had begun.
"As you ever got in the Coast?
"Well, yeah, the truth is, we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's fabulous."
"Oh, you know my station Amacausena?
It's very good, and it's never talked about having a girlfriend."
"She's like, "What is your favorite TV program.
Our favorite program Will and Gray.
And you know who you love us?
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, decreted but I hope to desperately show his support, to make me know that I was on my side, finally said basically, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink care."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the big launches in it.
It might have been easy to indicate where they felt lived.
It's not very hard to find them and realize that they were standing out.
And what else can you ask someone, but to start?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for the authentic thing you get.
That's how hard conversations remain without being my strong point.
Ask anyone who I have come out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Pantheon girl.
Now, please see this through gay perspective, but they understand that what it means to come out of any sand is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Keep the arm. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be a general, others need to know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct -- just give it. Remove your parasites.
If you know you're gay, you get it.
If you say to your parents that maybe they could be gay, they will keep hope that it could change.
Don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important.  Let me just leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
They have never been apologize for that.
And some of them can go out of service services, apologize for what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them will feel disappointed. But that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find in a dark device by having a great, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Bob.
International, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has been seen -- a productive example has been the famous quote for Edep Diplow that if a machine can think of is as interesting as the question of whether a sub-Saharan can swim on."
When Edgar Dicket wrote this as a criticism to the computer pioneers like Alan Turing.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
First, let's start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they are an alien race, which you don't know about the biology of Earth or the Earth's neuroscience or the intelligence of Earth, but you have incredible telescopes, and you can look at the Earth, and you have incredibly long lives, so you can look at Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as a tragedy, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you are from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, which has no concept about the Earth's intelligence of Earth, they would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, to a certain time in time, the asteroids that break the surface of a missing planet stop doing it.
And that's why I claim this is the same question that we understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took several years ago, I analyzed a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines that would be, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adjusted to the development of intelligence, and in particular, for developing universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the planning of robotic movement, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked a number of years ago, there is a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues of this?
Is there an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes. What you're looking at is probably the closest equivalent to one and a feeling for the intelligence I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force, F. It acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action or maintaining open choices, with a force T, with the diversity of possible functional future, yes, to an impending future time.
In a nutshell, intelligence doesn't like to be stuck.
Intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so by having this equation, it's natural to ask, "What can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
predicts the level of human intelligence?
predicts artificial intelligence predictive?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: recent research research has suggested that the universes that produce more disorder, or entropy, during their life should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that mathematical communication connection between entropy and income intelligence is a deeper relationship relative?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the long-term entropy production but actually emerges directly from it?
In order to find out, we've developed a software engine called English, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system that is inside it.
Amazingly, English could pass multiple animal intelligence tests to play human games, and even make money eating action, all of them without being done by doing that.
Here are some examples of England in action.
Just like a hunter of foot without falling down, here we see England basically basically using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave him a goal.
He just decided for his mind balance.
This ability of equilibrium will have applications for human robotics and human care.
This capacity of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate by throwing away from a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that England can do a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Entropy is widely applicable to a variety of dominant.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a penguin game against itself, illuminating its potential for play.
Here we see English organizing new connections in a social network where the friends are constantly disconnected and keeps the network well connected.
This same network of network origami also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see European organizing the routes of a ship of ships, discovering success and using Panama Canal to expand global level its reach from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, England is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see England spontaneously discovering and execute a stranger strategy, "sure in a simulated series of activist negotiation -- successfully increasing the assets under its exponential management.
This risk of risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Wisness: What you've seen is that a variety of brands of common cognitive human behavior such as the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation -- all of them from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
Let's go back to the beginning of the robot use, the "Britten World, and there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion, there would be a cyber rebellion, there would be.
The machines would get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to investment.
It's not that machines first become smart and then magnetic and trying to spread the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise directly from taking control, instead of being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of target.
You often ask me, how do you look for goals to get away from this kind of frame?
My equivalent to that statement to pass the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or help them understand human intelligence, is this: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid the constraints in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at an inflection point in human history, something between the conquered stars and losing the planet that we call home."
But in the last few years, we've expanded our knowledge of how Earth fits in the context of the universe.
The Kepler Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting other stars, which points that the Earth is only one among the billions of planets in our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the light intensity of the stars when the planets go ahead of them, and they block a little bit of that light that gets us.
The data collected by Kepler show the sizes of the planets besides the distance that there are between them and their stem star.
In fact, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light that they get from their sun.
Instead, this gives you clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this deal of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is climbing under the weight of humanity.
2011 was the most hot, recycled year.
Glaciers and sea ice that have been with us for millennia, are now disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on the global scale have been rapidly outweigh our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a climate scientist, no astronomy.
I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say I look for alien opportunities in the criminal sector.
Now, as someone really interested in the search for life in the universe I can tell you that the more planets like Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each one of these new worlds invited a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets we know better, the solar system.
Let's take our neighbor to Mars.
Mars is small and rock and despite being a little further from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially livable world showing this for a mission like Kephrolood.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and partly is why we studied so much to Mars.
Our Rovers like Cupornock trace their surface in search of clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the MIT mission, take samples of the atmosphere atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has lost their ability.
The private companies now offer not just short space flights but also the tempting chance of living on Mars.
But even though all these Martian images remind us about the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with seating ideas and pioneers compared to the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the dramatic areas of our planet that are still collaborating, places really expand compared to Mars.
Even in the smallest and more elevated places on Earth the air is fresh and filled by oxygen exposed by our tropical forests to thousands of kilometers away.
I worry that this excitement for the colonization of Mars and other planets arrested with a big show and sad shadow: the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect to wait there to save us from this information influence the only planet that we know is truly slipped, the Earth.
For a lot that I like interplanetary exploration, I'm deeply disagree with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like figuring out that the captain of the Titanic is going to get us that the signature of truth will be later in the wild boat.   Thank you.
But the goals for planetary exploration, and the Earth preservation is not contracted.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin -- the goal of understanding and preserving and improving life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world are living as extraterrestrial landscape.
Only they get closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile areas and inspirations of the land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
Let me leave you with a mental experiment, the Feynman paradox.
A lot of years ago, the physicist Neish Federal asked a question that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there were many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of life existence so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, one possible solution to Ferman paradox is that when civilizations become technologically advanced enough to consider to keep living between the stars, they lose the notion of what is important to protect the origin of planets that pushed this development.
It's arrogant to think that only planetary colonization will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and planetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to master the hostile environments of Mars to the human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the skill on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own home.
And while I was in the front porch looking in my pockets, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open up all the other doors and windows, and they were all well closed.
I thought I would call a certificate, at least had my cell phone, but at midnight, a ceremony could take a long time to come in, and it made cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe in the next morning, and I was born from my passport.
It would happen expensive, but I sure not more expensive than a middle in the middle of a night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, it was very well stopped.
I'm a professional neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Collective liberation that increases heart rate, modular levels of adrenaline and solar levels.
And when I got to the factory show at the airport, I realized that I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started asking myself, if there was something that I could do, systems that I could put in the place, that they prevent bad things happen.
Or at least, if bad things happen, they minimize the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts were not criticized.
I was having my colleague Danny Kang, who was winner from the Nobel Prize, and a little bit embarrassed told him that I broke the window, and I had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called a properties respect.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written from this a few years earlier, known as the preference.
Everybody knows what the posture is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what came wrong, right?
In the premise, as Danny explains Daniel, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong and then try to figure out what can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize damage.
So what I want to talk to you about with you is some things we can do in the form of a premierity.
Some of them are obvious, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, to make a place for things that are lost easily.
This sounds common and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a follow-up of the location of important things, where the good is, where the fish are, which are the fish that are the fish of the fruit and the friends and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that goes into the London Tailos.
It's the part of the brain that allows you to find your nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the alpha sense of the crazy cartoons, and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use the smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose car keys, reading goggles and parts.
So at home they make a place for keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For their passport, a particular box.
For their reading glasses -- a particular table.
If you make a place and you're school with it, your stuff will always be there when you look for them.
What about travel?
Take with the cell phone a picture of their credit cards, driver's license, party, send it by mail themselves to be in the cloud.
If these things are lost or steal them, this can facilitate the substance.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases cortical.
The cortex is toxic and the transition of thinking.
So part of the CEO is to recognize that under stress we're not going to be at the best moment, and you have to put the systems on its site.
And there's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or a loved being, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is embedded as a proposition for all of these medical decisions, and in fact for financial decision and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from which you benefit a rational assessment of the facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I have received the lab result and the cholesterol is a little high."
Everybody knows that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attack the heart, defeat brain.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the collector, a station."
And you may have heard of the statistics, and you know it's one of the most respected drugs in the world today. You may even be likely to meet people who take them.
So you think, "Yeah, record the statistics."
But there's a question that you have to do then, a statistics that should be asked that most physicians don't want to talk about, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number needed to treat.
And what is this, NASA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or take a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And should you think what kind of despair statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not pick me up if it wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not guilty of the doctor, and if it's guilty of someone, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanism.
But the USAR estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely recently received, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300 percent.
This according to the research of cynical researchers Joseph Google and Pamela Mariania, confirmed independently by Bobby.
I just explore the numbers.
300 people have to take medicine for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, and it spill brain or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one probability in 300 to go down my colleague.
Why don't doctor, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask about a statistic more, and it is, "Get out of the side effects. Yeah?
For this particular drug, the side effects are produced by five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things -- delivering multi-traumatic pain and articulate pain, but now they think, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still taking the medicine."
But a moment.
Remember that under stress don't think clearly.
So think about how they look at this over time, so they don't have to make the reasoning chain in the act.
300 people take the drugs, right? A person has helped you, five percent of the 300 have secondary effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go out of the drug that you help you for medicine.
I don't say they should or not take the station.
I just say you should have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, it's part of the beginning of informed consent.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this necessary number to treat is quite typical.
For the surgery that is done in the older men than 50, sense of prostate prostate per cancer, the number needed to treat is 49.
This is, 49 surgeries by one person who has helped it.
And the side effects in that case are produced in 50 percent of patients.
Those include the impact or erectile distribution, urban income, straight lawyers, fecal inconsistency.
And if it's lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects only will last one year or two.
So the idea of premise is to think of before the questions you can plant that will drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have a choice many times, you want a shorter life of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things they speak and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
You can change from opinion at the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thought.
Remember, our brain releases corruption under stress, and one of the things that happens at the time is that a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face with a predator -- you don't need the digestive system, or the liquid or the immune system, because if your body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to representation. You could be the lunch of the lions -- so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational logical thinking, like Danny Kanging and his colleagues have shown them.
So we have to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all defense.
We're all going to fail every single time.
The idea is to think about the future how they might be those failure, to put the systems in the place that will help them minimize damage, or to prevent things to bad things to happen in the first place.
Robbing at night in Monterey, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination next to the door, with a keys of the entry door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered and lots of email messages I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Pinal, "P is my favorite music.
It means playing solid.
If you're playing a musical instrument, and you see a flight on the street, you need to touch more suddenly.
Two feet, even smaller.
Four feet, extremely soft fourth.
This is my drawing of a fish tree there, you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of foot may have, never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I would like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs, the ALS besides a little bit of my own story.
The language of French signs came up during the 1800s, and over time, it mixes with local signs, and it developed the language that we know today as ALS.
So it has a story about 200 years.
I was born shell. And I was taught to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize it's not true for anything.
Sound is a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I lived in a foreign country, following your rules, states, behaviors and rules without questioning them.
So how do I understand the sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my speakers and they amplify sound.
Learning and copying that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I've learned for example.
"Don't retract?
"Don't make a lot of noise by eating the back of the spacecraft of the friends?
"Don't effect, and when you're eating you, you make sure you're not going to throw your cover on the dish.
All of this is called sound "pattern."
Maybe I think of the storytelling of sound more than the average person does it.
I am a surveillance of sound.
And I'm always waiting for the sound of sound, about which it is to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TEDTalk, for deciding for it.
TBP: Just to continue.
TBP, for announcing.
You can see that the panel doesn't have notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sound through subtle barriers and touch.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for "presentation at ALS.
A typical pantrature has five lines.
But for me, to me, do my thumb that doesn't feel natural.
That's why I have only four lines in the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resident there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that called me attention.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now the sound has entered my art.
Will me distance more of art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't just experience through your ears.
I can feel it a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim sound ownership and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything you had taught me as a sound, I decided to leave it and get it.
I started creating a new body body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention that I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was an adventure, it was something from a listener.
And sound is so powerful that I could well give myself and my artistic work, or I could be compared.
I chose to be compared.
There is a massive culture around language speech.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is as if I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me as much as and become my voice.
So I am able to be relevant to the current society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with a lot of different intelligences of ALS.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me to be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, by asking their voices, I am able to maintain a temporary form of value as well as taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I didn't continue with this practice, I feel that it could be defined in the forgotten and not having any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, I put in the world of music.
And I was surprised by looking at the similarities between music and ALS.
For example, a musical note can't capture and express completely on paper.
And the same can tell you about a concept in ALS.
The two are very spatial and highly modeled what it means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much as the sounds like sound.
I'd like to share a metaphor of the piano, so that they understand better how ALS works.
So imagine a piano.
ALS is divided in many different gradual parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for each finger while you play the piano, like facial expression -- the movement of the body, the speed, the shape of your hand and so on, while you play the piano, English is a linear language, as if you put it only a keyboard at a time.
However, the iPhone is more like a chord -- you need the 10 fingers in order to express a clear concept or an idea.
If only a keyboard would change the age, create a completely different meaning.
The same thing happens with music in terms of tone and shark and volume.
In ALS, using these different gravitational parameters -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the sign filters on that."
This is the sign filter on that."
I'm watching you.
By looking at it.
Oh, they carrying me.
Oh yeah.
What are you looking for?
Ah, good."
So I started thinking, and if I see the iPhone through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of day," the sun comes out and it goes out.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, you visually see as a musical piece.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can tell you all night.
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different kinds of nights -- "Oh, "Tom, for night --  "All night.
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in ALS, and how distance to the body can express changes in time.
For example, one hands -- it's one hand, two hands, it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is on the back.
So the first example is a long time."
Then, "Passage." "Well, "I used to and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time, "There was once.
"The common time is a musical term with a specific rate of four times by companies.
However, when I look at the word "common time: I think automatically at the same time."
Watch MIT, right hand -- MIT, left hand.
We have the pannotic through the head and the chest.
(Music: MO, "lady flag?
Can you do it with me?
Everybody with high hands.
Now we're going to do it both in your head as the chest, something like common time or "looking at the same time."
Yeah, very good.
That means "looking at the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second I'd like to show you is this. Please do it with me again.
And now this.
It means "collaboration at ALS.
Now, the third one. Please get me again.
And again.
It's "Lindinger at ALS.
Let's do the three together.
"Leave it, "control and "little lighting."
Good work everyone.
Look at how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest -- but they transmit very different meanings, right?
It's incredible to see how ALS is alive and prosperous as music.
But today, we live in a very autistic world.
And only because ELAM has no sounds, automatically no social value.
We have to start questioning what the social value defines and allowing the iPhone to develop its own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a society more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn ALS. You don't have to hear to learn music.
ATM is a rich teacher and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Deng Katrina: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents would say, "You can get it everything, but then you have to clean it."
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination took me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a business bubble or a ignorance bubble I should say, because adults lie to us to protect ourselves from the awful truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults also actually construct and that they are not very good at cleaning each other.
Time country, now I'm an adult and teaching citizen and invention at Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait so much for my students to walk around the beach with lots of junk trash.
So as good citizens, we cleaned the beach, and no, it's not alcoholic drinking alcohol, and if you are, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a special thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks, to collect those bits of plastic to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we dream of inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started to build this working thing with an unfair height so that very low kids can also participate.
And I'm going to tell you, the kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collect plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragility.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to combine them into something that we hope it works.
We decided that instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we will just collect information.
By using a robot, we took a picture of this plastic -- kids are excited about robots.
Then we quickly created what we call a prototype."
We are so fast in the creation of prototypes that we end before we lunch.
And we transform light sheets and web cameras in access and we assemble it into a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the plastic bits floating slowly through the sensor while the boundary computer process this image and measure the size of every particle to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this step-by-step invention on a website for inventors called "Ebolation: with hope that someone else even more.
The great thing in this project is that students saw a local problem, and they are trying to solve it immediately.
"I can investigate my local problem: But my students in Hong Kong are very well informed kids.
You see the news, they get the Internet, and they were touched with this picture.
A kid, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning a oil spill, only using hands, in Swiss, the largest mangrove rainforest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that drink, is the water in which they based, the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that water is brown -- the mud and the oil also are brown colors, and when everything is mixed up, it's very hard to see what there is in the water.
But there's a simple technology called spectrum, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a very first prototype of a spectrum that can burn through all sorts of substances that produce different spectrum, which can help identify what is in the water.
We emitted this prototype with a sensor and sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I can investigate a distance problem: I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe to address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and male Francis, and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they had a lot of giant waves called tractioners, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant, a nuclear center close to water.
And today, according to the reports of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the whole Pacific Ocean has pollution transportations by 1973.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure the radiation of Future everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it has safe search, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fukushima every year from the accident and research in an independent way with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take the children.
Of course, we didn't take them, parents didn't allow them.
But every night we reported to the control center, and here you see the use of different mask.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they're going to have to live with radiation all their life.
Together with them we discussed the data collected that day, and we talked about what we were going to do next, strategy, the extremist, etc.
And to do this, we create a rudimentary map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the electricity map, we introduced pages to represent data in real time of radiation, and we rotate water to simulate rain.
So with this we could notice that the radioactive dust was filtering from the top of the mountain to the river system and developed in the ocean.
It was an appropriate estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear core to date.
We approached up to a half miles from nuclear center, and with the help of fish from the area we were collecting sea seat sediments with a service scanner as we invented and built.
Here we see a progression: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became so small by the way, we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood metal, metal chemistry, chemistry, a little bit of biology, and basically, you can build it almost all over there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children can become a reality with adult aid, and where adults can be kids again.
Students: acceleration." Acceleration.
Call Harvard," we ask things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help the mobility of advanced age population transforming their standard wheelchair chairs into new electrical vehicles.
plastic, oil and radiation are terrible, but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are the lies.
We can't afford to protect the kids in the awful truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions.
So scientists, designers, spaces, we need to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people, and so you can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two geological calculations, two radically opposite designers.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel -- the other one of a single silk square.
One is synthetic -- the other organic.
One is imposed about the environment, the other one believed it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for her.
Michelangelo angel said that when he looked at the market in the brutal, he saw a figure that fights for being free.
The film was unique tool of Michelangelo.
But living beings are not circle.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we took all the information to do it for every cell to work and to replicate it.
tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the design world has been dominated by records of manufacturing and production.
The assembly lines have been given a world made out of parts, hiding the imagination of designers and trained architects to think about their objects as a discussion of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find the humanitarian material astronauts in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with diameter parts.
The skin skin is more thick.
You act primarily as a filter, the other primarily as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin, there are no parts, no antibiotics.
It's a system that will gradually vary its functionality through the variation of electricity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the world, the double personality of every designer and architecture to work today between the pinnacle and the gene, between the machine and the organization, between the assembly and the growth, between the instance and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis.
My work, at its simplest level, tries to unite these two visions of the world, getting away from assembly and approaching growth.
You probably wonder, why now?
Why couldn't it be possible 10 or even five years?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they control four disciplines that offer designers access to tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I create.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scale, a large scale, like this robotic arm with a 24 meters of diameter with a mobile basis that some day not very far to print entire buildings, and graphics to nanoscale made genetically modified microbes that shine in the dark.
Here we have reinvent the sky, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where each openness is unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a failure. This was for a fashion department of Paris with Aristotle van Herselence. It's like a second skin made from one piece, risked in the containers, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaborator, we print this layer and failed 3D without cookings between the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns resolution.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CAS scanner.
That designers have access to this high resolution of high resolution and synthetic instruments, allow us to design products that adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues as well.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the structural time, comfortable and also absorbed sound.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator, we went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this irregular surface, it becomes soldier.
We print this surface of 44 different properties that vary in recycling, opposite and color, correspond to the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, like in nature, varies its functionality not through the addition of another material or another disorder, but by making it continuously and unfortunately material property.
But is it the ideal nature?
There are no parts in nature?
I wasn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left and came to define a lot of what mattered me.
Like she relates, "In the third day of the creation, God sent to Earth grow a brutal tree of fruit.
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, brothers, leaves and fruit.
All the tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land was growing trees with branches, cortex, cards and flowers.
The land created a world made out of parts.
I often ask myself, "What would be design if objects were made from one piece of part?
Are we going to go back to a better state of creation?
So we looked at the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree with fruit, and we found it.
The second most abundant biologist on the planet is called a rating, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, carbon, collectors and butterflies and markets.
We think that if we can synthesize their property, we could generate multinational structures on one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal marine.  We asked a lot of calculations of shrimp -- we made it a lot of shell called the musicians, and we produced the shark supply.
Through chemical concentrations we've been able to achieve a broad range of property, from dark, hard and opaque, to the light, soft and transparent.
In order to print the structures at scale, it was built a system with multiple barriers of solar supply robotically.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material three feet long, 100 percent recycled.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural shape to contact with air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic plastic?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process used to contain physical microbes that appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and the MIT, we built the bacteria designed genetically to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without a mesh problem, and if it goes even more, to windows.
A free tree tree tree.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and a little bit of synthetic biology, have transformed a structure made of calculations of shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here is the best part: for objects designed to be biodiversity, put in the sea, feeding the marine life, and placed on the ground, will help grow a tree.
The joy for our next exploration using the same principles of design was the solar system.
We looked for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for planetary travel.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
Just as the periodic board, we made our own elements of elements -- new forms of life created computing, made in addition to additional and buried form.
I like to think about synthetic biology like liquid line, only instead of transmitting precious metals -- they synthesize new biological functionality in very small channels.
This field is called microbial.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothing, they combined two microbes.
The first is the symbolic.
It lives in our oceans and in the fresh water.
And the second one, E. collared, the bacteria that are in the human intestine.
A turning light into sugar, the other sugar consumption and produces useful biofuels.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They are here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship on a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution for design.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract that will help them flow these bacteria and they alter their function.
So we started to grow those channels into the human body, by making material properties according to the desired functionality.
If we wanted more pictures, we had more transparent channels.
This powerful digestive system, when it stretch from one end to another, goes 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine is.
And here it is, as a TED prison, our first post-conflict photographer, bright liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shery said, "We are creature country, only half is made."
What if design will provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
And if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, they would repair the damaged tissue and hold our bodies back?
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
It also knows that nature doesn't do that.
It grows up. It adds up with sophistication.
This calculator of the worm creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it was metalistic.
The manufacturing is not about this level of sophistication.
It does it by combining not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations of it.
One act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, bringing those fibers into each other.
And this happens through scale.
The silk worm first gets up in the environment, creates a sense of tension, and then starts to hit a company of compression.
Tension and compassion, the two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the hyper.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm calculation.
However, when we put the silk worm on a flat square, not within a box, we realized that it speaked a flat cocoon and still metabolized metabolism.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding -- and we've discovered that the form, the composition of the cocoon structure is transmitted directly by the environment.
You often get rid of silk worms up to death inside their category, and their silk gets rid and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these templates we could shape raw silk without boiling a single cap.
It would be metally metabolized, and we could create these things.
So we climb this process up to the architectural scale.
We had a silk robot doing silk plates, and we put on our site.
We knew silk worms migrate towards darker and cold areas -- so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or abstractions, to block the rays of light and heat, distributed the silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the origins.
We asked 5,000 silk worms to a silk silk farm.
And after we feed them four weeks, they were prepared to hypertensive with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding -- and as they slowed, they created, they put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
By random silk biological silk on the slow silk -- they give all this paper their integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 6,000 silk worms are seven miles tall.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The polices, after the economy, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra panels in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk sea through a robotic arm, the other full vacuum.
If the last frontier of design is to give the products to the products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to unite these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new era of design, a new era of creation, which leads us to an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we have charge of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked, "What do you want to be more from?
If you had to remember what age you had when you first asked them for the first time?
You can show it with your fingers.
Three three. Five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question, "What do you want to be more from?
You've caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who never could answer the question, "What do you want to be more from?
The problem was not that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English and killed and art and developed websites -- also, I played the guitar in a band called Telex Franklin.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general, I like to test and persist anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this feeling of boring, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, something completely different, and I immersed on it, and I let me absorb and feel "Yes! I've found my month: and then again this point where I start to be bored.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I would like to go into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, to deny all my other passions and go to be bored.
Another reason why I became so anxious was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong about this, and something bad about me for not defined for anything.
I was worried to be afraid of compromise, or to be disappeared, or to make me be supported or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I'd like to have stuck on.
Ask themselves, where they learned to assign the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned from culture.
You ask us first "What do you want to be more?
We have about five years.
And the truth is that nobody matters what you answer to that age.
It is considered an naive question to make nice answers in children like, "I'll be a dancer or being "starter: I want to be pain."
Take the frame of Hall here.
This question is getting us over and over again as we grow from various forms --  -- eight, high school students are asked they're going to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be more?
It's going to happen to be the cute exercise of before what the dream takes of.
Why?
While this question inspired kids to dream with what they might be, it doesn't inspire to dream with everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things, even though you're good adults who are still strike and say, "Oh, what cute, but you can't be an craft of violent and psychologist.
You have to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Childs, and he is artificial and psychological artist.
And this Amy NGO, a magazine of magazine turned into sleep, entrepreneurs and teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of focused life is very identified in our culture.
It's this idea of fate, or the real voice, the idea that each one of us has something to do for your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who's not connected this way?
What if there are many different issues that are going to wake up their curiosity and lots of different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel it doesn't have a goal.
And feeling that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You're a multiplication.
A multi-dimensional is someone with lots and lots of creative activities.
It's a bacteria for that.
It could help if it's divided in three parts: multiple, potential and day.
They can also use other terms that they connect the same idea, as a school, renewable.
During the time of Renaissance, the ideal was who was well dressed in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Shery refers to us as "self-empowermen."
They use any term you like or invent yourself.
It seems like a species of adapting to a community, we can't agree with a single identity.
It's easy to see multi-dimensional multiplication as a limitation or application that you should be from.
But what I've learned with talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths in this way.
There are three multi-traumatic surfaces.
One: ideas.
That is, the combination of two or more fields and creating something new in the intersection.
Steve Win and Rachel Bible expressed their shared interests in capital, distinction of data, travel, mathematics and design, when I found Messia.
Message is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry.
Steve and Rachel came up with this unique idea of his ecologist mix of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas come from.
And the multi-disciplines, with all their ancestors, can access to a lot of these data points.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When the multi-tracking is about something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We are used to be principle, because it's been many times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and out of our comfort areas.
Many skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything that we have learned to every new area that we have, so rarely we start from zero.
North Dung is a full-time journey and independent writing.
As a pianist girl, it was an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest mechanism known.
Before you become a writer, North was financial planning.
He had to learn the ultimate sales mechanics when he started his practices, and this ability helps him write compelling launches for the editors for the editors to it.
It is rarely a waste of time to dedicate what you get to you, even if you end it up.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you could not have anticipated.
The third multinational superpower is adaptation. It's the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation.
Albert Carolina is sometimes director of videos, others, websites, sometimes consultant from Kickstarter, sometimes teacher, and sometimes apparently, James Bono.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles depending on the needs of its clients.
The Fast Company magazine defines adaptability as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and unpredictable that they are the individuals and organizations that can be able to engage to satisfy the needs of market, which really will thrive.
So ideas of ideas, fast learning and adaptability, three skills where multi-dimensional are very adept -- and three skills that you could lose if they're intended to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest in feeding the multi-tracking to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multi-dimensional right now, and we need not conventional creative thinkers to address them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing they wanted to be a pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams behave from a specialists and a multi-dimensional multiplication.
The specialists can dive in depth and put in practice ideas, and the multinational offers a complex of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that assemble the way we are connected.
And unfortunately, the furniture in large parts are encouraged to be more like their specialized partners.
Once I said this, if there's one thing that you take out of this talk, I hope it's this: recommend with the contrast of internal contrast, whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then I specialize all the media.
That's where you will give you the best of you.
But for the multi-tracking room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I say, recommend with their many passions.
Keep their curiosity for those condom markets.
They explore the intersections.
It leads us to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multiple, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 1991, a woman called Australia brought it to a psychiatric in France.
I was delighted and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alexanders.
Allendes did not know how to help Australia, but he flew for her, until unfortunately, it passed in 1906.
After his death, Alexanders did a author and they found strange plates and flashes in the Bury brain, of a guy who had never seen before.
The even more amazing thing.
If I could have been alive today, we couldn't give it to her more aid than Alice gave him 114 years ago.
Alarrian was Dr. Louis Alzheimer's.
And Australian Deterry, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimers disease.
From 1911, medicine has advanced a lot.
They have discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect ourselves from infection, many treatments for cancer, anti-people for HIV, strategies for chimpanzees and much more.
But it has been programmed in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you expect to live up to 85 years or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's will be almost one in two.
In other words, there is the likelihood that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer's or helping take care of a friend or being dear with Alzheimer's.
In the United States, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical care is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
This is the most expensive disease today, and its costs provide an increase in five times in the year 2050, as it aging the generation of the baby boom.
You may surprise them, but Alzheimer's is one of the greatest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's been relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the first 10 causes of death around the world, Alzheimer's only is the only one who can't prevent or cure or even slow their development.
We understand less from Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research itself.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's despite the fact that we get more Alzheimer's and causes a similar annual number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should say, Alexander is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 114 years, all of the scientists, they confuse Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it will be sitting in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there is only to look at a picture of a healthy aging brain in comparison with an Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to destroying a loss of memory and mental skills, the damage of the brain caused by Alzheimer's support significantly reduces life expectancy and is always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strangers in the brain of Australia a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule as a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places on the paper that are painful.
And when it folds up, these sticky dots end up in the inside.
But sometimes things come wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules by each other, forming groups that can form big plates and fly.
That's what we see in the patients with Alzheimer's people.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this distribution works.
There's a lot of steps, and the identity of what happens to block is complex, like destroying a bomb.
To cut a cable could do anything.
Correlation can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have reduced the wires and waiting for the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, generations, chemistry, physicists, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now you're testing a new kind of drugs that blocked specifically this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
Nobody outside of our lab has seen it yet.
Let's look at a few videos of what happened by testing these drugs in worms of it.
These are the healthy worms -- and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms -- on the other hand, they have protein molecules that stick between each other, as in humans with Alzheimer's disease.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial outcome, but the research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 140 years of hope, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But for that hope to grow up that hope, we need to get the Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We must realize that Alzheimer's is a disease and that if we try it, we can beat it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have left more research and exercise pressure about governments, pharmaceutical industry, scientists and legislators and legislation.
That was essential to move into HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk to themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, care of their loved ones day and night, are often too desperate to go out and advocate for change.
So it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not, in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help to speak for them, and help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times, in January this year.
To fall in love with someone, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience when I test it myself one night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers get together to get 36 questions increasingly personal and then both of them look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions for example.
Number 12, if you could wake up with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cry at another person?
And just alone?
As you move forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30 -- this really likes me -- Tell your partner what you thank you or her, I know very close this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you have ever known.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also intrigued as well.
And when I was trying to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly well, I didn't expect to fall in love.
However, we fell in love, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the Mountain Modern column a few months later.
That was published in January -- and now it's already August -- so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, follow together?
And the reason I think you're questioning this is because I've done this question over and over over the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, it was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been used to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can come to a few hundred views as a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times would have probably a few thousand views.
And that creates a good attention charge in a relatively new relationship.
But as he went, I had no idea.
The article was published online at night, and already the Saturday -- this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And Sunday -- I've already been called the East Show and the Google Monterey America.
In a month, the article received more than eight million visit, and I was, for saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster the confidence writing with their own love experience, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news, and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, always did the same question: Do they still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search in my email with the phrase, "Are you still together?
Several messages appeared immediately.
They were students and journalists and correspondents like this.
I was interviewed in the radio and they asked it.
Even I gave a talk, and a woman screamed.
And I immediately got red.
I understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the sendrainged response.
The 36 questions seemed to have been living their own life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, who included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first impulse before all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both would make a public appearance together.
I picked up television interviews, and you took pictures of pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the income of the income process, a range that I didn't feel at the absolute calculation.
And I understand that people didn't want to know if the study worked, they wanted to know if they really worked, or whether it was able to produce lost love, not just an adventure, but love, real love love love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship was just a few months old, and I felt, especially people asked the wrong question.
How do you know whether to follow together or not, and you also say it?
If the answer was not, he would do the experience of making these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Arab wrote first on these questions in the same study in 1997, and there, the research goal was not producing romantic love.
Instead of that, I sought to foster interpersonal access between college students, using what Iran called sustainable openness, progressive and recorder.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study does work.
The participants felt closer after doing it. Several sustainable studies used the Professor Farring Protection as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between police members and community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideology people.
The original version of history, which tried last summer, which combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact was cited in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little university of liberal arts, and then a student came up to me and told me with the theme," I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed puzzling.
And I said, "You mean that you fall love with the person who did it?
Well, he did a cause.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But did they become better friends?
Did you feel that you were able to know better after testing the story?
The assignment.
So, it worked, I said.
But I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, which was pretty much all my adult life, and he was my first true love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without him.
So I flew in science.
And I investigate everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I hoped that that could sort of make a sense of heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I just invented for the book that I wrote but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was traveling with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad as I used to feel then.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I love.
But I can also see me more clearly, and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than what you can reasonably demand me.
What I'm looking for from love is a guarantee -- not just to be loved today and being loved tomorrow, but to keep being loved by the person I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that media told about the 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to love.
There may be a form for some way to mitigate something from the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story because they love us to feel beautifully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that asks, still follow together?
And his content with an S, or not.
So more than a question, I propose we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things are complicated, and how to know when to cut and distribute?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So if you want the short version of my relationship, it's this one, a year ago, and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same as staying in love.
Last is the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, "The love didn't happen.
We love we love because we took the choice to be.
And I'm a little bit about reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the moment, I hadn't considered everything that was supposed to choose that choice.
I don't consider how many times we would have that decision, and how many times I will keep doing that choice without knowing before he always chose me or not.
I want you to be enough to have done and responded 36 questions, having chosen to love someone so generous and nice, and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest diary.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really believe.
And what I look for, and what maybe I spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy ending in the title of my article -- which is, by the way, the only part of the article that I didn't really write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose somebody, and hope that he will also love me, and it's terrifying but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a few lessons in a mountain and in a certain way that I got like a forest of the forest.
New York City does a time.  One thing that really affected me but more detail later.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box and I found a dollar bill -- a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colony.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later, and they would learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat the sparks.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has because I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At one point I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from excuse and make surfing and all those weird things, and I was doing a colleague for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I threw up all the pages and I did a kind of cartoonist calculated to the Agnes Martin style -- the resident covered and a bee left attacked.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resin in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed to increase the size, as if you were looking at the text with a magnifying light.
So what did I do? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs -- strange bottles that I was finding on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God I can draw in space.
I can flow through tracks, draw the same thing around a cave on the scene of crime.
And I brought up the objects and I created my own taxing of inventions of inventors.
First, botanical -- that you can get an idea.
Then I made some insects and strange creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resistance layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was earning some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Silicon.
It was great, man.
At some point, I was interested in the human form, natural size sculptures with drawings of human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the resistance was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on the glass layers, similar to the drawing on a window and then on another window and another window and had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the answer.
So I did this for years, and my work was driving with something very big, which I call the trade."
For the "prophetic I was inspired by the gravity of Hillary Boston Delicious -- which is a painting at the Museum of Prison in Spain.
Do you know it?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the tradition." I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five meters long.
It has double faces, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of the blood.
On the left, there is Jesus and the logistics.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animals travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation to this analog mesh infrastructure where they hide.
This is where the creatures with animal heads are headed to the bottom, ready to suicide in mass brought in the ocean.
The ocean is composed of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a root.
Billy Graham is in the sea. The Horous -- the point of the department of the spill -- Walker Bible Laden, there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, a kind of a marketing.
It's coming out of the ocean, and he spit oil in one hand while the other hand comes up with clouds.
Their hands are like balances, and it looks like a military being that holds the Earth and the common cosmos.
So it's a aspect of the tradition."
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand where he speaked.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a trace, like a bird picture, and you spit cloud of this trace.
It also has a 5.4 meters long, a snake tail that binds the trade."
Anyway, his tail leads to finishing on a volcano.
I don't know why it happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ended up in a hidden school balloon made of terrorist cards from 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards of terrorism.
Very attached to your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects, you're called psychologists.
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material being excuses, dictionaries or magazines.
But each act as a kind of archive in ways of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at the time.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide up.
And you can walk between them. I'm taking years.
Each one is basically a microscope microscope that weighs 1.3 pounds with a human trapped inside its inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest, you can get the input up.
I'm going to take you through the rest of the body, there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers your penis or notes, or whatever you have, a kind of anonymous thing.
It's a quick response of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers you can see.
This is a body on the half.
This has two heads -- and it's communicating between the two.
There are a few pills that come out and enter the head of this strange statue there.
There's a little forest scene inside the long-term charity.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Pinniss Works.
In this box there is a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painting, a music, a radio emissions, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world and a garden.
We send the box and all the people inside each other as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you redefined who's and the box is living in.
And together we come to realize that we are all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with dull and genetically we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you hit your head?
Take a aspiration.
But for this pill to have an effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, the intestine and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and impact system so that any serious drug effect in the body.
The devastation, though, is that when you bring it any drug drawing down.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, these serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the concrete CEO of cells.
But they're also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative. Because in the time they have to get to the blood stream, they distribute, and worse even for the time they have to get to their destination, which is more important, in the HIV department.
These are regions of the body like the lymph self-driving, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is active and not easily in the blood ground of patients that are subjected to regular drug with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big issue of HIV treatment with current drugs that is a treatment of life admired by oral going.
One day, I sat down, and I thought, "Could we get the treatment directly to the display of the virus, without the risk of dialogue of medicine?
As a scientific expert in lasers -- the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you use it in dentistry, for the care of wounds and diabetes of diabetes, you can use for anything like this, including the intellectual transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill out extremely small holes that open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
You say, "How is that possible?
We sent a small little laser ray on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, whereas the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microbes.
Before you even notice.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or plate plates, but the goal is to take this technology into the human body, apply it into the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a device of three heads.
With the first head, which is our laser -- we're going to make an incident at the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an insect that distributes the drug, releases it directly in the infection, while the laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV in the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researchers -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've studied armed groups of states, armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or military.
I document what these groups do when they're not shooting.
My goal is to better understand these generations of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to the nonviolent conference.
I do field work in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a sport between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between states and actors.
For example, from the 21st-controlled peace arrangements between 1975 and 2011, 1960 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups -- we should even engage them or defeat them in any process of successful conflict.
But how do we do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do, but nobody looks at what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and the policies don't relate to it.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less defeated, without a global vision.
The armed groups are complex organizations.
For example, the Heliberation linked for their violent face against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980s, Hebrard has also established a political party -- a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Hamas, known for his suicide attacks against Israel, also administered the Gaza France since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting out.
They're multiple.
They set up a complex machine machine, radio stations, TV channels and Internet websites and strategies on social networks.
And here you have the IDEA magazine, you print in English and published to recruit it.
The armed groups are also investing in a complex fundraising of funds without droughts, but by the way by realistic business, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
The armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals, they put together professional training programs or microbes.
Heches offers all these services and more.
The armed groups are also trying to conquer population offering something that the state not bringing, security and protection.
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghanistan erased by war or even the beginning of the ISAR promotion, can also understand the efforts of these groups for providing safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means to fill a cow, a gap left by the government, and allow these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the electric victory in 2006 cannot be understood without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario -- even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government, and they come up as armed groups and political groups, participate in the violent struggle and give government.
And the more sophisticated and sophisticated these organizations are less we can kill them as something opposite to a state.
How do you call a group like Helini?
They Sunday part of a territory, they manage all their functions -- they collect the battery, they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebellious group?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is ICDC?
The lines drive.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hybrid nations, and the more the states are the states, like in the Middle East today, more intervene and fill that gap the non-profit actors.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
To fill that government gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is also very important to establish and consume peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we will understand better what incentives will offer to foster the transition of violence to not violence.
In this new dispute between states and actors not state, military power can win some battles, but we won't give us peace or stability.
To achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a female and a feminist woman.
My opinions about gender equality are very conventional, but I'm afraid to open up openly the financial label would be unfair for feminist.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And therefore I have a bad feminist as well.
Or, at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The bad feminist, and then in the interviews, people started calling the Mexico Memory.
So what started as a personal joke attached to myself and a deliberate production, has become something larger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas about feminists, these furry women, angry with men and they hated sex -- as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable response.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that people were using when people were using that could be a feminist one.
Being tagged as a feminist was a construction, a word taboo and a disgusting.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which is too much, with high self-esteem.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until it realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist and also, proud to be.
For me, certain claims are incredible: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same work for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want it, free and violence.
We have right to use easy and accessible contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need of legal control or engineering doctors.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to have our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality condition, social condition, skills and much more.
We need to have these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion -- our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are eventually, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist thing.
I have another confession.
When I drive the work, I hear rap music started all volume.
Although the letter degraded to women, and I was profoundly offended the classic "Story Shakespeare Scott's Stanford Stanford Tanke Talk.
"Make it reality with your barrel shark.
Party, give you, move until you hurt the cook."
Think about it.
Purpose poetry, right?
I'm completely distributed by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- all domestic tasks but also kill insects, the drink of garbage and the care of the capacity and the nest maintenance of machinery.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can look at "The Bachana and the Romantic committees, and I have amazing fantasies of the fairy tales that are done.
Some of my delights are more descended.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge it.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise his children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is engaged in a way that makes women economically vulnerable when they choice.
Let's solve this problem.
He rejected the conventional feminist that has ignored or historically developed the needs of the color women, the workers, homosexuals and transgendered women, in favor of white women, headlines, middle class and high.
Listen, if that's good feminist I'm a very bad feminist here.
The next thing happens: as a feminist -- I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put feminist in a search.
We hope that they are going to be presented.
When we get down, we will take them up with a lot of taste from the same separate where we put them.
As I said, I am a disaster, I think I get away from that pediatrician before they try to put me there.
Too many women, particularly the innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid to be labeled as feminist.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a feminist for fear of what that tag means -- for fear not to be able to be able to be able to be able to fill out with the very unlikely expectations.
Take for example, Belfwahe, or as I call it, the God.
In the last few years it's a declared feminist in the years.
In the Muslim Museum of 2014, at MIT, acting in front of the word "Feminist three meters tall.
It was a magnificent show, looking at this pop star embracing the feminist and making women know the young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
Last time, cultural critics started defense debates if Bebright was or not quite feminist.
They captured their feminist instead of just believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfection, because we are still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much very carefully a lot.
We go far beyond sensible and constructive criticism to design the feminist of any woman -- destroying it until it has nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminist or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of stop.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our perceptions to realize the action and be a little bit more valuable.
If I hear democratic music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy to provide an unlimited supply.
These artists won't change their way to talk about women in their songs until we manage the change affecting their profit.
It certainly is hard.
Why does his music have that passionate?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justifying this makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my niece, three and four years.
These are two magnificent girls, decided and brilliant, and also very valuable.
They are appreciated by the strong creatures that they are.
I think about them, suddenly the best choice is visible as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program deals to sexual violence against women as sports as a sport -- you go to the Tunisian play.
We can change the radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like anything.
We can spend our money to go to film somewhere else when movies don't treat women more than as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their classmates as a bone drop.
In any case, the men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, to participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't involve a number of enough women, both to participate how to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your published, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are supported but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refuse to be included until more like us as we are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision processes.
Because we are not a little bit of people -- without these efforts, without embracing these positions, our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of courage and hope that our decisions get to the top, the people in the leading power and the producers of cinema and music, CEOs, the legislation, the people who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create a lasting and meaningful change.
We can also claim our feminism -- well, bad, or whatever it is.
The last line of my book "Male Feminism: says, "I would rather be a bad feminist not to be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say that, especially because my voice was stolen and the feminist helped me get it.
There was an incident.
I call it incident to do what happened.
A few kids were doubling me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me as if it was nothing.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after all I don't dare to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And so I went back to writing.
I get into a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned how to write like them, and then I learned how to write as myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and the feminist I also discovered that if I was a little value, another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is the way the world is trying to tell us that we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humiliation that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we could all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit courageous, when you need to be a value.
Right after Christmas last year, 125 children in California had a show for having Diamine visited or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then goes across the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Cole.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles, which can be fatal for a child with an immune immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for over half a century -- but many of the kids involved in the Diamind outbreak hadn't been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposed even worse, the autism.
But a moment, it wasn't the article that was unleashed by autism about autism and developed vaccines, described and marked by being a delivery from the British Medical Journal Journal?
Doesn't most intelligent scientists believe that vaccines cause autism is a student?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism increase in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician who had heard about her creating their entire professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed just three or four children for every 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started to spread.
organizations of funds like autism Spanish are relative to autism as an epidemic -- as if I could get another child in Diamindon.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people in the Atlanta, what is going on, they tend to be based on phrases as "trips of analogy displayers, and a better case detection to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language doesn't dissipate a lot of fear of a young mother who seeks on his face of two years, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to be asked, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism as hard to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less than to do with the slow and career progress of science than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how they discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist -- Leo Kang, from Johns Hopkins Hospital in 1994, Kange published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to be there who seemed to be private worlds -- to join the people around them, even their own parents.
They could be fun for hours by shaking their hands in front of their faces, but they were from the panic for technologies like when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing it.
On the base of the patients treated in their clinic, Kange speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, declared that I had seen less than 150 real cases of his syndrome while collecting references of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because Kangern criteria for autism diagnosis were very resilient.
For example, I was destroyed to give that diagnosis to children with conferences, but now we know that epilepsy, it's very common in autism.
He once realized that he had turned nine in every 10 children sent by other doctors to his consumer to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanger was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not certain.
I classify autism as a form of child physicists caused by cold parents and descended.
These kids, he said, have been very carefully kept in a refrigerator that I don't hide.
At the same time, though, Kanzi noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that clustered in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before they turned the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said, "Beethoven.
But Kanzi had a bad opinion of these skills, affirming things like the kids were just regulating what they had heard of their peak parents, desperate for winning their approach.
As a result, autism became source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started testing the theory of Kanzi that autism was weird.
Lory Window, cognitive psychologist in London, thought that the theory of Kenyan mothers from Kanzi was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm, affectionate people, and they had a profound autistic daughter called Susan.
Lory and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susan without support services, no special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend to the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lord and their colleague Judith Good decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
They set up a London suburb called Charler to try to find the autistic kids in the community.
What you saw was clear that the Kange model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't speak at all, whereas others were faced in their fascination by astronaut, in dinosaurs or in the geography of the reality.
Otherwise, these kids didn't fit in nice, shadower patterns, as Judith said, and saw a lot of them, much more than the monolithic model of Kanzi would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been perceived from these kids before?
But then Lord found a reference to an article published in German, in 1944, the next year to the Kang article -- and then I forget, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanzi knew about this article of competition, but I avoided essentially to mention it in his own work.
There was not even a translation to English, but luckily, the Lord of London spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Sardet, who led an integrated clinic with an internal school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger's teaching with learning differences were progress for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with mass exercise classes with music, and kids follow their games on the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Sophia described it as a political disability of life that required compassionate support forms and spaces adapted during the course of all life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, South Askroom called their little teachers, and it was dedicated to help develop methods of education that were especially suitable for them.
And fundamentally, Sophia saw autism as a certain diverse that would fit a surprising variety of dozens and disabilities.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they've always been, seeing aspects of this continuum in architects known in pop culture like the social social scientist and the distributed professor.
He was beyond to say, than for success in science and art, an accumulation of autism is essential.
Lory and Judite found that Kanzi was wrong when autism was complex, as well as parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American American Association to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called autistic special."
By the end of the 1980s and early '90s, their changes came into silk, holding the limited model of Kanzi by a broad and inclusive Spring.
These changes don't fall in a broken cartoon.
Interestingly, when Lord and Judith worked between baseball to reform these criteria -- people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before he came out in 1988, just a small circle, I knew about experts knew what autism was, but after the inevitable performance of Duke Homey as Ramba Babbage and Rootwown Man with four prize prize principles, pediatricians, psychologists, teachers and fathers all over the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, they introduced the first easy clinical evidence of using to diagnose autism.
I didn't have to have a connection with that little experts of experts to make a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of "Raisma Man: the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnostics started to embrace, just like Lord and Judahaman, actually hoped that this is how it went, getting people with autism and their families finally got the support and the services that were making.
So Andrew Washington came to blame vaccines for increase in diagnosis -- a simple, powerful, self-destructive story as bad as the theory of Kange that autism was a complex.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 60 children in America are in the spectrum -- it's right, autism is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have been united on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles for solving by the new medical advances -- in the term of neuronscipe to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, it doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously, and it suffers from an attention deficit to the details.
However, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Asperger, who believed that the cure for the most integration of autism is in understanding teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and the parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Machine Zack once said, "We need all the hands in cover to get the boat of humanity.
As we sail towards an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges we face as a society.
We can't afford to wake up no brain.
Thank you.
